It is at the end of the hall. I will come to you some of them now. If you want anything else, just teach me.
Are you making modifications?
We want a table next to the window.
There, in front of the tourist data completely.
I have not heard of this title before near here.
Continue walking this road until you find a pharmacy.
What is the latest color of this season.
In my case, it is often for work and is rarely to enjoy.
I will stay for two days.
I would like to come close to my hair
I would like to reserve two double rooms.
I don't want to remove it.
Does this bus stop on Astoner Street?
Please open your mouth on its range.
How much breakfast cost?
How can I help you?
Let's take a piece to eat.
He headed left at the third resistance.
Can you clean these clothes?
I give you a phone number and address.
I have paid the price of meals and hotel fees in advance.
I am looking for a good restaurant, for grills. Can you refer to the locations of those restaurants on the map?
You break it, you are the one who bought it.
I will tell her to call you once you get.
Do you like to put cream and sugar in your coffee?
A severe injury was injured.
I would like a sterile.
Does this hotel have conference equipment?
Is it appropriate to eat a snack?
I call the airport. I will arrive there at about four o'clock.
Where will I change to Chicago.
How much does the cost of sending a registered letter to France?
Can you spend my dollar check?
Driving on the right side of the road is already different.
The actor was really great.
Where is the non -imaginary side in your personality?
If that happens, please call me.
Can you change my seat, please?
Is there a guarantee?
Sorry, I will take care of the dog.
I would like two cat tickets for Thursday.
Where is the cafe?
I would like a jacket for children.
Your name again?
Is Mister Bron there?
Good . It costs eighty -five dollars in regular mail and three dollars in private delivery.
Can I rent a boat for a day?
At which window can I do reservation?
What is this ?
Can you tell me how I can reach the opera?
Did you not have a little drunk last night, my dear?
Please follow the instructions issued by our employees.
Is there a multi -departmental store near here?
Fill the fuel tank, please.
Is there a room at a cheaper price?
The best car has a system to move the movement.
I will reside in Harvard University's students.
What is the exchange rate today?
I suffer from asthma.
I have about three thousand dollars.
Well, sir. She came with two French fried fictions or rice in spices and meat, which one you like?
How do I reach that place?
What kind of stories is?
Three times.
Which window sells stamps?
After he attacked me, he escaped in a white truck.
Good . Please keep this voucher and serve it when you choose.
I would buy this if you were in your place?
Two hundred dollars. Immediate or through credit cards.
How long does the ship take to cross this ocean?
Do I have to avoid certain types of food during the period of taking this medicine?
Do you have women's shoes at the toes?
Will I have any difficulties in customs?
May I have some red wine?
Tell me when we get to the museum.
Does this bus go to the Sheraton Hotel?
To what happened?
It's a little hot. May I open the window ?
Just a shower enough.
My eyes are slightly reddish.
No, may I suggest taking two bedrooms for individual use? We have one.
I can't confirm this, but we will do our best.
I would like to take close to my hair, please.
The sea was down from afar.
She wants a beer.
You need to perform an operation.
More eggs, please.
Where is the bus station for Central Park?
Taxi?
Here is your key, sir. Fifty -six room.
Love your jacket.
I continue .
Here we have arrived this is your hotel.
When did the basketball match started?
Good morning . How are you .
Sorry, I need to see any identification document.
What was your impression?
certainly . Do you want to have coffee with dinner or after that?
I will take a twelve flight to Tokyo.
I would like an international call, please?
Five months.
On what days the week is it?
What kind of clothes?
This is somewhat cold. Can you heat it?
I would like some hairdressing gel.
Sorry, this place is already reserved.
Can we see the list?
Six sees.
I am serious, but do you mind contacting a friend?
Thanks, that's enough.
No taxi will stop unless you wait in the parking lot?
My budget does not exceed fifty dollars per night.
Will we take a picture together?
How much is this service fees?
Has the total sales in North America increased by more than five percent?
Who is your best friend?
Did you know that one of the largest sumo tournaments is a kind of traditional Japanese wrestling, an American championship?
Sports Health Day is the tenth of October, and it is a national leave that is intended to improve the health of citizens.
Is this for Pool Street?
I would like to rent this from the fifth to the tenth of December.
Good condition, and how are you, madam?
Do you want to check the motor of the car?
sugar ?
Can I pay via MasterCard?
Is this the place designated for collecting bags for a journey that the number of nine zero seven?
I will take this type.
I am very happy because I managed to come to this country.
My name and I am on it.
Can you help me reach my bag?
What kind of stones?
I would like to point out that our government is dealing strongly with those called boats. I realized that Japan is already with a population increase that does not allow these uninvited guests to host. On the other hand, many of our industrial sectors need a working hand.
From this mountain, you can see the entire city. During this season, many types of flowers are thrived. They look very beautiful.
Follow me.
Please tell him, Yamada, I have called.
Will you make arrangements in advance?
Well, please put this data here. Was it one bag?
Do you want to eat beef, chicken, or fish?
Is it possible to take different ways to go and return.
Is there a snack restaurant here?
Sorry, sir. I would like to explore some of the tourist places in Boston.
Do you have a menu in Japanese?
It's five minutes past one .
Please help, thank you.
I would like a pain reliever.
Who is your favorite actress.
I want an oval -shaped one?
What kind of music do they play there?
I don't like this color, please show me another color.
Please take me to the morning market.
The frame of my glasses has broken.
From three o'clock.
great . I have a seat next to the window. Oh, if you want to exchange seats after that, Miss.
I enjoyed the reconnaissance tour of the tourist places in New York yesterday.
I admire the blue bag in the display net.
Call the owner of the building if you encounter any problem.
Wash it with shampoo and style it how much it is, please.
When you arrive there, ask someone else, please.
Please tell me the fastest way to reach San Francisco.
Can I have a room key number fifteen?
Sorry, can you take pictures of me?
Just write a room number and fall here.
The color is acceptable, but the size is incorrect. Can you change it within an hour?
We will be waiting for you on that day.
We have enough to continue for two days.
I can't understand it.
How can I return again to my destination and the intended place?
Is this a tax exempt?
Good . They have to play additional roles until the tie is finished.
I want the twenty -four extension, please.
Can you glow it?
You prefer these two dollars. Keep the change .
When is lunch?
Sorry for this a lot to me?
Where do I start to reach Yenon Square?
You can inquire from the leasing office there.
Hey, Jain. Can you take all things to cleaners?
I am on vacation.
no . I plan to visit Paris on my way back to my country.
Will you take it with you, or will we have to send it?
A recent spread in food experts, right?
It has happened about six hours from now.
Airlines flight Delta number one two. The date of the ride was delayed.
Can you give me two for a night?
Can you write a report about the theft of my insurance company, please?
Since I am not skilled using the camera. I think an easy -to -use camera may be the best for me.
Is this the right sidewalk for New York.
Enjoy your vacation.
Please give me some gauze.
I would like grilled potatoes and have a sour cream, please.
Yes, every ten minutes.
One hambrager and one cheese burger, please.
How much do you receive to normalize the film's photos?
Each of us wants to be held accountable for his meal.
I will pay the bill tomorrow morning.
I am going there, too. What do you think to take a taxi together?
Prefer a chair and take your comfort. Do I come to you something to drink? Coffee, tea or soda?
It is a great thing from you to say that.
The place was on a chair in the lobby.
Grilled beef, please.
The table will be ready?
Is it still available to change my request? The best Moses fish instead of the rock oysters.
Please change these genes to pounds.
What is a process to remove appendix?
Will you give me the bills in detail about medical treatment?
I want a pocket dictionary, please.
Well, I don't know.
Congratulations, I learned that you were promoted to a vice president.
Good evening.
I live in southern Japan.
Awheel and return ticket to Chicago, please.
Do you like to eat with eggs salted pork or pork?
To study.
Please, faster.
For two people at seven o'clock, name and Tanab.
The air conditioning does not work.
It is so every Monday.
Please go to the International departure hall, I wish you a happy trip.
Do you have any flights to Paris via the Eurostar train?
My watch. The Seko watch was digital.
I brought a medical certificate for my doctor from Japan.
We are pleased to offer you the drink you want, for lunch. A complete guide to the drinks we provide on our journey is present in the information guide for our magazine.
Do you live near here?
Can you send it to Japan?
Where is the gift of gifts?
Can I respond to you on Friday?
Well, let me fix the missing and exist. What kind of cameras is?
I am very sorry, we are preparing for you the room you requested.
Oh, it shows subway stations and bus stations, may I keep them?
Oh, you lost Shbuzuki.
I am on the main road next to the Moroa Bay.
Yes, we have. Half a day curriculum, and for a full day.
I love shaving.
I want an alarm, please.
I want to cancel my reservation, please.
What is the recovery system?
Lighting does not work.
By the way, my name is Hirosh Igima.
What is the time difference between Tokyo and here?
This train stops in Lac Forest, right?
How much is the total price?
Thank you, sir.
He moved forward, headed Yemeni at the third of the corner.
I feel sharp pain in my stomach.
Most of the Japanese eat octopus and rocks.
Have you seen that?
It is a gift. Can you wrap this gift for me?
Good evening, Mrs. I was. We have not met long ago.
Can I get two second -class tickets for Chicagua, please?
I am happier.
I went to New York.
I would like to change my reservation to Air Filter Five Five on October 2.
What is the flight number?
Where is the registration table for Delta?
Is this a low sodium meal?
This item is not allowed.
I think we can. Here is your paper.
What is the last thing you removed from your clothes, before you go to sleep?
No, I will take it during my stay.
Is it fixed color?
Is this a special characteristic of this neighborhood?
I would like some biscuits.
One for New York, please.
For a few days.
The second from the left.
They look at a very small size.
How was the difficulty of tours?
I want a seat near the window, please.
Can I ride the train with a European train ride subscription ticket?
How long does it take to reach Japan?
Do you have maps of the roads?
Or, yes. I have read about it in the evidence.
I asked for three cups of tea. But not only two.
The electrical appliances are very cheap, but eating and housing expenses are very high.
I will take it abroad.
It is often taken twenty -two in Japan.
What are the working hours of the Art Museum?
Where should I pay?
This card, well?
Is this your first external trip?
Which of the beginners approach?
Certainly this country has more than one type of fruit.
I want to verify this bag.
Are there meals in the place of ski over this slope?
Sorry, I closed the door while I was outside, can I get another key?
About these US dollars to Japanese yen, please.
It is difficult to say the word goodbye.
Is this the reception office? Is there a nearby clinic?
Excuse me, may I inquire about you about the name of your class? It seems delicious.
They are painful.
What gateway to which I go after that?
Will ten dollars be sufficient for taxi?
I think it was excellent. Good representation and good plot.
Oh, thank you very much.
I did not like this room. Is it possible to see another room?
It is the latest fashion this summer.
Go to the city center, please.
May I rent a car?
It has a strange taste.
Fix it while I am outside of your favor.
Do you have snacks?
Please talk slowly.
I will come late for an hour.
I am.
Yes . Wait, I will bring you one.
waiter .
Will it rain throughout this week?
Half a bottle, please.
Do they have live offers?
Can I see this bag?
Do you have something else?
You need to rest.
Please fill out the next access card and customs form.
Is this car heading to CITEL?
Can I pay part of the fees now?
Is it natural or artificial?
Will you wait for me here?
Oh thank you I was looking for a while ago.
Criticism or on the credit card?
I am completely strange to this place.
Not completely. Only something is not expensive.
Can it be washed in the sink or manually at home?
I need a watercolor box, please.
Sorry . What did you want?
I would like to change the date to the nineteenth of May.
Please sign here . This is an invoice with your expenses.
I would like some women's socks.
I need some lamb.
Are you looking for something?
I would like the bus to go to a station between what buses I ride?
Four nights.
I would like some men's socks.
Its calories are very low. Only 30 price.
I want to book a room.
What place in Japan are you?
Unfortunately, he is very busy on that day.
In this case, I recommend this one.
Chamber service.
Pay attention, please.
Can you reduce its price because there are some stains in it?
Do you have any memorial stamps?
This is a room of three seventeen. Can I take another blanket?
Can you reach the station in fifteen minutes?
We need a mortgage for the vehicle.
A person hit me and then I discovered that my wallet had been stolen.
There are no vacant places in rooms with one bed, but there are vacant places in double rooms.
Is this ticket only valid for the specified day?
When do you reach Milan?
Do you have someone who speaks Japanese?
What is the station that the popular music is broadcast?
Delta Airlines.
I would like a coffee jug.
Does it contain a bath and toilet?
The time is over.
I heard Mr. Yamada with two children.
I would like to rent a sailboat.
Can you make dishes at a later time?
I would like a gas stove.
Can you change US dollars to £ £?
Certainly, sir. What is your name ?
I am not wearing the uniform.
I hope that you only attend the next time.
I am not sure if I have packed enough clothes for a three -day trip.
Two dollars for each.
We have all confirmed that the brochures were sent to you by mail.
There is something malfunction with the rear detectors.
Show me some leather gloves, please.
The vehicle has been broken. Please send someone to fix it.
Can you recommend me a 6 -year -old photographer?
Is it possible to keep my precious things please?
Hi Harry. Thank you for inviting us.
Well, I would like to try white wine.
They are in the cinema to our time.
I have about a thousand dollars.
My mistake.
I need some washing clips.
Which CDs are imported?
I will study the conversation in English.
Have you read any good books recently?
I will stay with a friend in New York.
If someone asks about me, tell him that I will be in the cafe.
I am sure I put it in the inner pocket of the coat.
Do you have a place where I can leave my belongings?
I came here at work.
Do you know any good diving school?
How much is the price for taxes?
Give me some paper napkins.
The adjacent apartment is many noise.
Yes, Dr. Krebis does not examine any patient without a prior appointment.
Can you tell the name and number of the party you want to contact?
Is this a gift?
Will the airline pay me to buy some basic personal needs?
Is this heading to the Grand Hotel?
No one is here with this name.
Where is the policeman, please?
May I borrow some adhesive tapes?
I would like a bathroom room.
Nothing came out of the machine.
Is this with him a guarantee?
What is your diagnosis?
It is at the end of the corridor on the seventh floor. Please ride the elevator on your right.
We are at Jones Street.
I never thought about going to classic concerts when I was in Japan.
Can you describe this dish for me?
It was supposed to travel on the number eight zero, which took off fifteen minutes ago. Good . I can organize another trip.
It's here. Your seats are located near here.
He is on a business trip until next Friday.
My wife and I am very happy because you are coming to spend with us the weekend until you try American life in the countryside.
It is the following from Yemen.
Someone opened my expulsion.
Yes, please. My name is Kirosawa. How long can you keep my remembrance?
Where can I buy a ticket to transfer to the place I want?
Six hundred dollars every month, in addition to the month of the submitted and the value of the last month of our bridge.
Do you prefer a single -grade coat of buttons or the two rows?
Oh, it's simple, are you here, anyway.
Japanese Airlines, a number of three two.
I would like to buy shampoo.
Can you tell when to reach the Public Services Complex?
I will return again to the rest for you.
No, I do not.
What a piece of porcelain. The value of this dish is thirty dollars?
Do you have a beautiful jacket at a price of about thirty dollars.
Where is the nearest butcher?
correct . Do you have any secondary reactions or aversion?
Once you look at it, you seem to have taken some infection from it.
Can I take a receipt receipt, please?
There are three of us.
I know . Do you remember how much you paid for your remembrance?
Would you share the drink?
What is my room number?
Can I take two seats from the second round seats for this evening?
She closed on the key inside the room.
Does it include taxes?
Sorry. Can you tell the road to the railway station, please?
When does the post office open?
We want to hold four nights starting from the first of August.
And because this bag is made of alcohol, as you notice it is the strong grandmother and the latest fashion.
The food is very beautiful, but I ate enough, thanks.
My wallet was stolen from me on the metro.
I must go to the Japanese embassy.
What is the name of this rose?
Isn't you able to give it to me for a lower price?
Is it for Chicago?
Please spend this tourist check.
I have a fever since the day before yesterday. My throat hurts me so hard I can't swallow any food.
It is up here on the wall and the air conditioning key here. Is there anything else you will need, sir?
The fifteenth of September is the day of respect for the elderly.
Can I go there on the date if I leave here.
There is no soap in my room.
OK. But I hope you will not take a long time.
Can you fill the form for me?
I bought this bag a short time ago, but the zipper does not work.
Are you following?
Please go back to the bus at the third.
Millions of people visit the famous shrines in the first prayer of the year.
If it is possible to want a table next to the window.
I should not drink anything that contains salt.
I would like a seat next to the corridor, please.
Please give me my appreciation price.
This is great, thanks.
Do you have anything that I can use for a rash?
Can you change the formulation according to what you just said?
When will we raise the matter to you?
I'm sorry . All have been sold.
I would like to send this photo card to Japan.
I thank you . This is the key to your room. Al -Shayal will carry your luggage.
Keep my luggage, please.
I would like to rent a medium -sized car with four doors.
Where can I buy a porcelain?
Discuss its smell sweat.
How long will it take to ask?
How much is you, sir?
Welcome, reservation.
Please make me salt and pepper.
I booked through the Tokyo office. I will be a little late in registering my name tonight.
Let's shop quickly.
I asked for a smoking seat when I registered my name, but this seat is allowed to smoke.
Let's go to drink.
I suggest that you buy this type of fish, red.
I can't do it, but I will put it in the bag for you.
Can you raise your voice a little bit?
Is there a specific date and place?
Thank you very much, I would like to come, but I am afraid that I would have another date.
How long does it take to be available.
In America's colleges of baseball is the most popular game.
I will give you a pain reliever.
Is it possible to tell me when the train approaches Oxford? I am afraid to keep a passenger after that.
Bill love you, that's all.
You exceed the price.
I want to make sure of the time he leaves.
I don't think I will be of great importance to you.
Where is mathematical information?
This size, which you call the normal size, will find it here.
Does everything include?
I cross the street there and walk forward until it comes to the second intersection. Ki Hotel behind the intersection.
I want something for head pain.
Little fat? Not possible . Are you joking?
Where will the tour end, and when?
Well, I don't know if I will take care of this.
Please send this envelope mail to the airport.
I want something for constipation.
In the spring, cherry trees bloom.
Can you ask him to stop smoking there?
I will call him again.
I intend to stay with my friend in Los Angeles.
Can you bring me the cream for my coffee!
It is not available in stores.
Do I need a fast train ticket?
Here is a phone number and my email address.
How old is this church?
Can you buy a ticket for the opera?
Do you have any reconnaissance tourist tours around the city?
I'm sorry . I am strange to this place.
If you like to borrow any of my books, please notify me. I really do not mind loaning books to friends.
What about decoration. Will you re -paint the rooms when the tenant lives?
I would like to do some good deeds.
How much is the expensive taxes I will get?
I cannot find it.
Can I get some mashed potatoes but without a sauce?
I can give you the Ford Mesta Naj after seven years for fifty dollars every week with unspecified miles.
Oh. Yes . Help yourself .
I hope to return to this place again when I am in the United States.
My health is completely prepared.
What are your arrangements for today?
Is this clear?
My wallet was stolen.
What place can I change the train that leads me to Edinburgh?
The door did not open this key.
I want it cooked over low heat.
Can we enjoy this bliss and saturate ourselves in this first -class restaurant?
How cute. Sure, you are looking to see them.
I would like to put it in a safe deposit box.
Which tourist tours are better to watch museums?
Please summon the porter.
Where can I change my money?
I am confused from my command, I do not find words to say.
Can you repair it and send it to Japan, please?
Good .
I must report the theft.
Can I measure this clothing?
I still find one of my bags that I searched for at Narita Airport.
I think I am. Hair cut, please.
What kind of treatment do you receive?
Snack, please.
I have about two hundred dollars with cash and entry visa.
So not to drive taxis for a long time?
Please, come to the restaurant in the second round from seven to nine o'clock.
I intend to spend the vacation in the city center until the fifth of May.
What are the preparations they did to succeed in the exam?
You are almost there.
All passengers remain in their seats.
Which buses are riding to head to Washington's memorial?
My name is Akikua Tanaka.
The Horioji Temple is one of the oldest wooden buildings in the world that deserves to be seen.
I understood, well, thanks for taking more time. Can I get two hot dogs?
I am pleased. Oh. This communication for my flight.
Yes . At any time, they are welcome here.
I need to buy an insurance policy.
Can we leave our things except for the valuable things in the bus?
What is the GR.
Turn it into small value bills, please?
I wonder about these excessive drawings on my bill.
Do you like to go to the dance?
please . Spread a reasonable restaurant that creates a beautiful atmosphere.
When will the golf championship be?
After dinner with sweet, please.
Please bring me the dryer.
Can you bring me some water. I am very thirsty.
We are not very hungry.
Let me watch some brown shoes.
where ? What time will we leave?
I will pay fifty dollars.
Please, keep these bags until five in the evening, please. Can I get a receipt receipt?
I have a whiskey bottle.
I will come to see you on Friday.
Is my meal equipped?
I would like to book for the golf.
Which types of metal currencies are worked in this sale machine?
I love eating ginger beer.
I love some children's food.
Pickled canceled.
Is this dress made of nylon?
Now I know. What was the mistake. ?
Book, please.
I want a typewriter bar, please.
Please open the door with a backup key.
I would like to eat another cup of coffee.
I want one of the hamburger so that I can go.
Can you ask him to repeat the call.
We have a food for food and another for coffee on the train.
My room was not cleaned.
Certainly, who talks to you, I have a table at exactly six o'clock and a third this evening. But I am sorry that I will arrive late half an hour.
You can take the bus from bus parking 5.
Are there skiing tools near here?
Thank you. Keep the rest to you.
Have you put a postage stamp on the postal card?
Three nights.
Is this leading to Edinburgh?
When would you like to leave?
Do I have to change the plane on the road?
There are no towels.
Do you mind that another person gets it on behalf of me?
Is this what you hint?
Oh, I have come back, come back again, please.
It is a distinctive Japanese habit, I think.
They wrapped them both separately and put a tape on each one, please.
Let me see that, yes - today there is a special food that will be provided quickly.
Can you divide these into quarters?
White, please.
I want two requests from Noodles Morisobi.
Yes, there is a vacant room. How many people are there?
Is there a currency change store near here?
My name is Takshi, and what about you?
Use it weekly values ​​by wiping the thin membrane of the eye with it after washing your face, avoiding your eyes and hair places.
I wounded a glass here.
I had to ask the coach. But can you tell me which devices are suitable for my back exercises?
Stop in this aspect of the next intersection, please.
I would like to take some milk, please.
How much is the perfume I can get without fees?
Only tourism.
Operating.
This is good, please fall on them. How do you want it?
I think we are in the wrong station.
I understand. Can I take your credit card number and the date of its end in order to stop the reservation for you?
Can you press the stop button?
I bought this pants yesterday, but it does not suit me.
Will it shrink?
Can you tell me the time?
I left my personal computer there last night.
Do you still have seats for a width tonight?
Do you remember the car number?
How much is this dress?
I do not understand German at all.
I call the manager.
Ah, I am sorry. I will bring your request as quickly as possible.
Certainly, sir.
It is free of alcohol, so you can rest because there is little irritation.
It takes seven or eight minutes, depending on the speed of your walk.
I would like a big one.
I slept and did not wake up when a sixth and a half rang.
I am a free photographer.
Make sure to deposit it in a middle.
I would like to have a tie.
I will ask another taxi driver.
One beer, a slice with French potatoes and a special chef.
Congratulations, Henry, I am happy to hear the news of your engagement from Jin.
A secret in the straight direction, then he turned left there.
I want something that fits this.
Source can change your dollars for casinoes. Do we go?
It must be a great shock to you.
I have a thousand pounds.
How long does it take to walk there?
How tiring is it?
What is the good medicine for my tired eyes?
We have about thirty types of bathtubs.
Give me some gum, please.
This is not a coupon. It is a registration receipt.
I will bring you the offer next week.
Your connection to the country you are trying to contact cannot be completed now. Please try to call later.
The contract will be renewed annually.
Please waiter, do I have the invoice?
Can I pay the tourist check?
Can I deduct some insurance?
Can you tell me how to go to that restaurant?
There were about thirty dollars and some credit cards.
Your bill is one hundred and fifty dollars and forty five cents.
Thank you . How much is this glove?
How do I put it? It is very important to be there.
I would like a copy.
Thank you . Where is the key to change in the air conditioner? The weather is very hot.
Sorry, but what street are we now?
Would you send this letter via mail?
No, you go in the wrong direction. You have to go back.
Can you turn my beard please?
How long will it take to complete the tour?
I want some of the gift packaging paper.
What is inside?
I think there is a mistake in this bill.
Do I have a bathroom towel?
I have to go, I will call you later.
Can you book me to see the music movie?
I would like some diapers that can be eliminated after use.
Do you have a record of your use of them?
I will call again.
Three months.
I understand, we have a hotel doctor. I will arrange with her to come to your room. Is it possible for the room manager to attend?
Where was it filmed?
We have very good oysters this day.
Sufficiently as in a book, J as in the day, Mim as in the cradle, wow as in Word, he visited as in a man, a thousand as in pain. K-O-S-is my last name.
No thank you .
I have pain in my teeth. Do I have a medicine for him, please?
I can't run the air conditioning.
Where did these bedrooms arose?
Can you change them to dollars, please?
Go down at the next station.
Can you see a coat against water?
Where is the tourism office?
Can you stop at the market on our way?
What would I do if I did not understand his questions?
I would like some socks.
I would like an automatic camera please.
Please take me there.
Does the door should be open or closed?
How many dollars do you want?
We are very lucky. They have a four size in the Olona store.
Sour the way for the Hilton Hotel, please.
Do you have a map of the subway roads?
Is there a limousine car?
Do you know whether this restaurant requires reservation?
I would like to reserve a return trip.
Can you suggest a good French restaurant?
Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
The bathtub holder is broken.
This is a gift, so please.
I am pleased to meet you.
Something wrong with the battery.
I have something to ask you about.
Please make the room a little bit.
My room is no longer.
Can I receive a call that awakens me in the fifth of tomorrow morning?
I prefer a quiet room.
I want a nail polish.
Please go in the straight direction.
Would you help me find my belongings?
I am guess that the one below is the World Trade Center, is it not true?
Where is the plastic models store?
I cannot tell you.
Can you suggest a drug for colic pain?
Where is the number five pavement?
Yes, it seems that something needs to be more examined. Would you like it, Mr. Kenan, and then submit a report by Mr. Nakayama as soon as possible?
No, thank you.
I think there is an error in the bill. There are room service fees. But I did not receive any service.
I want to travel by plane as soon as possible.
Is the distance long to the Hilton Hotel?
I'd like a battery .
Do you know a good restaurant in which we can eat good meals at an affordable price?
I would like a lipstick.
These are thirty -five dollars.
I'd like to change my reservation . Can I change a five zero journey five to five zero journey five?
Is there a music band or DJ?
Can I rent a breathing tool while swimming?
Coal came out, but I didn't notice any change.
I can give you a three percent discount.
This damage was caused to the car before I hire it.
Good . I want to wear it at the wedding on Saturday.
I would like to book a room for four nights, starting from the twenty -second of December.
No, we want each invoice separately, please. To pay for himself.
I would like a guide in Japanese.
Sorry. I am strange here. Can I ask the man if I loved? One moment please.
Can I catch the bus that goes to the Hilton Hotel?
Is there any trip to "Tirol" within three or four days?
I feel better now.
Is this bag suitable for all weather conditions?
I want a sweetened cake, please.
Sorry, but we will delay thirty minutes.
Can you change this paper currency to metal money?
Your room, sir.
I want to rent an automatic weapon for two days.
Please stop all trading on this card.
Will I get a discount if I stayed in your hotel for a month?
Are you here to work or to search?
Have you emancipated your dinner?
I did not realize trip number twenty to San Francisco.
The quality of this is better.
Certainly, sir. White or colored?
I have mortgaged two pounds.
Do you have a tour that includes a visit to the Golden Gate Bridge?
I cannot make it for my supplementary trip.
How much will I pay to reach the airport?
This is good . When is it?
Where do I take the bus to go to the museum?
Who is the author of the play?
Box, please.
I will stay here for a month only.
When does the tour start?
When does the morning party start?
I am from Russia.
I am sad to hear that. Do you have a fever?
Where can I ride the bus heading to the Metropolitan Museum?
I was really happy and I am with you.
Where is the nearest library?
Do you have any rooms available tonight?
Will you spend this hundred hundred tourist checks?
Our pilot finally arrived at Honolulu.
I want this type, please.
I prefer not to be hospitalized, if possible.
How old are your daughter?
It is the number seven zero three heading to Tokyo on the fourth of September, Friday.
Where do I put my belongings?
At this price, I think I will search for other stores.
Please close all electronic devices.
How much do you want to do?
It is not necessary after the pain stops.
Why do you wake up early every morning?
Look for paste.
How many viewers accommodate this stadium?
Yes, that is true.
My book binding is disjointed.
We want to play tennis today.
Is it possible to come with me, please?
Sorry, I do not know this stain from the city.
I will call him again fourth in the afternoon.
On the morning of the eleventh of January, the incident occurred.
Does it suit you next Tuesday?
What about tomorrow?
What kind of restaurant are you looking for? Do you just want to have dinner, or are you looking for a bar with a bar?
Is there a police department here?
The expected life of Japani is the longest in the world.
Two fried potatoes and one cola. Two dollars, please.
Single room, please.
Where is the ice ski slope?
Below the back door.
We look forward to you again.
Can you show me some cheap and clean hotels?
May I get a review of this book?
Is it possible to nominate me a good French restaurant close to here?
This is the confirmation card.
This will be fine.
So, this is two thousand five hundred dollars per month. We can confirm that we will pay you three thousand dollars a month. What about that?
We can reserve a comfortable room for you in an old castle near the Golf famous club.
I wish you a happy marriage.
Do you have a ten -year -old "two -year -old?
Is this resistance to contraction?
Is the botanical garden open today?
Perhaps we can do that, but I am afraid that it will take a few months.
I recommend it because it is one hundred percent made of natural ingredients.
I want to rent a car.
Can we have a plate please?
We took the Chicago Hotel.
The journey was postponed for ninety -nine speeds due to bad weather.
Emergency.
I want something in Chanel repeated style.
In which corridor is health diapers?
Is it possible to show me your passport and customs form please?
I want to join the Niagra Falls Tour.
Today we are a shrimp with garlic flavor with a spiced rice dish.
Welcome . Is this Mr. Clark?
Do you want to eat delicious?
Do you have any medications?
I think you got the wrong number.
I would like a red dress.
I think so.
My name is on it.
Does the train stop in Brighton?
This is the last add to us to the packing line. We are about six hundred boxes every day.
I want to go.
I want an iron, please.
Can you tell me where can I get a taxi?
Oh no, he tells me something, what should I do?
Yes . They are.
Please bring me breakfast in my room.
Two second -class tickets, please.
This is tight.
Please send this car to the hotel tomorrow at eight in the morning.
Is there a trip with a ship that includes food and dinner?
I would like to send a fax.
Do you have a better color?
It is very flashy.
Well, no. I will call it again within twenty minutes. Thank you .
Education was taken care of, and military power increased.
Which do you prefer dinner, beef or fish?
Can the MasterCard?
I would like a travel iron.
Can I offer you anything?
This size, please.
I don't like it.
Five dollars and additional drinks.
I am afraid to ask, but what do you mean?
How much is the price for two?
I suddenly had colic.
How much does the guide receive a day?
My name is Hiroshi Mori.
I want some yogurt, please.
Yes . Is this the right table for United Airlines eight zero flight?
Should we wear coats and ties?
What is the bus that goes to the Gilde Hall?
I would like a person who is a normal document in the size of the letter sheet without having to fold them.
Please come from this way. Let me help you carry your bags.
It is on the second shelf in the middle row.
Where is the bar?
Please register your name nine zero in the morning.
Our seats are separate.
certainly . Where do you want to go?
Yes, but not so strong.
I am very sensitive to cats.
I would like a notebook to register.
Yes, you must have a driver’s license, and you must obtain a license from the taxi and omezin committee.
Happy time.
Sorry, all seats are occupied on the thirtieth of August.
Can I see something cheaper.
Is it possible to call for Taxi for me?
Do I need to return immediately to Japan?
The expenses of the room are more expensive than being told.
I would like to order another request. Is it possible to see the menu again?
There was a holding of a cat on a hanging cat in a tape here.
What will you do with this small bag?
I want something to cold.
Is it possible to see this?
Exactly eighteen dollars.
Please spend this tourist check.
Where do I put laundry?
Did you have enough?
Continue, sir.
I walk to the end of this street. It is just before ice cream.
It seems that I am unable to get hot water.
I do not have a reservation.
Can I touch her?
Point its place on the map please.
Are there cheap and good restaurants close to here?
I would like to book a room for tonight.
This is a wonderful house.
Is this the station for the bus to Chelsea?
I will come to the hotel a little late tonight, but please keep my stomach.
Is it possible to use the credit card?
When the collector comes to see your ticket, please show it your passport and this ticket.
Except for pencils that you need?
What is the latest book for Galbreith?
One entry seat, please.
I asked for half fresh, not fully mature.
Your allowance will be ready after a week of rehearsal, sir.
No, it does not include tax and service expenses.
I would like an apple juice, toasted bread, fried eggs and coffee.
Where is the cameras?
One small Coca -Cola, please.
I am a beginner. I think I can't do it.
Four apples.
How much does it cost to secure it with three hundred dollars?
Do you want to go shopping with me in the afternoon?
Is it possible to release my credit card?
Hey, this is a really nice dress.
Give me some time to think.
You should rest today.
I want to reaffirm what I should do exactly.
I know how you feel, here you are.
I will call again.
Now, your call replied. Please.
Will a table of two in this restaurant be reserved at six tonight?
What a strange thing. It looks like a bird dish in the sky.
I can't sleep well.
What is the portal number?
Is it possible that you please tell me about anything these drawings?
What is the souvenir of her hua?
Hello, this room is three zero five.
I would like some salts for the bathroom.
Is it possible to fix this camera? It does not pull well.
What is your name and number?
I thought it was a fixed amount between the airport and the city center.
Would you like, went and confirmed it now? If they were there, would you bring everything here immediately?
Well, I think the exchange rate fluctuates between expectations of rise and decrease in general.
It has originality and history.
What game do you play in the stadium?
What will you do on New Year's Eve?
Can I go there on the subway?
Is it possible to give me the Japanese embassy number or consulate please?
it's good . It is very comfortable.
I want a dryer.
Well, this is a quiet room. Very beautiful .
Do we go anywhere, speaking like that?
I have a seventh reservation.
This is good . But there will be a decrease in expenses two hundred dollars.
At seven in the morning, local time.
It is at the end of this street after three buildings as I am guess.
Sorry, it's entirely reserved for the Christmas holiday season, but we have one seat on the twenty -second of December.
Understood . Thank you .
Do I get compensation if you do not find my bag?
Good . Which types of fruits do you like?
When was your last menstruation?
I am from Norway.
I worked to reaffirm the phone two days ago.
I am not sure whether my passport was not swollen or simply fell from my pocket.
The length of the box is sixty -five centimeters, thirty centimeters wide, and eighteen centimeters high.
I am looking for a souvenir.
It contains four main islands.
Tenth o'clock. This is the key to your room. Your room number fifty -four. The server will take your bags up.
Yes, we spend a nice time in Hawaii. I wish I were here.
Can you provide me with translation?
I will take some tea with milk.
Is it possible to recover my hair half an inch over the eyebrow?
From eight to twelve please.
When does it open?
Do you have rooms with less than fifty dollars per night?
A table for two people in the sixth this evening please.
A fifteen dollar value, please.
Fitting left at the flashing light.
I don't need anything.
Is it possible to book a reconnaissance tour?
How to fill this?
You see a white building on the other side of the street, it is it.
certainly . Let me see it. I think the coral is your wound.
Catch to confirm, give me the official number.
Is there a free path?
I am studying to become a scientist.
Is it possible to give me two tickets for the seized seats?
Please take off your clothes and wear this garment.
Is it possible to put an additional bed in the room?
Can I get a Japanese phone worker?
Take this to the station. From there you have to go to the hotel on your feet.
Why did not come to the party yesterday?
I want to hire a boat with a guide.
Are there a public break room close to here?
Show me it, please.
There was a traffic accident.
I did not pay any phone calls.
Please hold my luggage.
Is it possible to receive a wake up at seven in the morning?
Do you have a tape?
I love him with a little milk and sugar.
I would like to change the flight to Chicago from nine to eleven.
Please come to a hair moisturizer.
Al -Yakata and Al -Shabi are two popular Japanese memorials for foreigners.
Sorry, I called the wrong number.
Where is the nearest shoe store?
Please enter your personal identity number.
You have an artistic sense.
Please pledge this luggage until three o'clock.
I came here to see authentic opera.
I can't adjust the plate.
Are these exposed for sale today?
Do not go to work until Tuesday, and do not eat much.
One hamburger with cheese and orange juice, please.
This is a passport.
Samu's wrestling is one of the traditional sports. The matches are held six times a year.
A chair on the corridor, please.
Practice leads to mastery.
How many days will you take to ask?
It is a texture.
We need more time to check the contract.
Why, thank you very much. Can I upgrade the summit?
I feel nauseous. Security that can get the airfield bag?
Please tell me how I can reach the museum.
Is this made of leather?
Hey . You yourself? Why don't you eat food with us?
Thanks . You, too .
Can you keep my precious things, please?
Do you take any other medications?
I want to go to the advanced site.
Have you decided yet?
Jenny. Mike. pleasant . Sam . Come, everyone is awake.
Can I get two tickets for the lyrical play next Friday?
Is it possible for a media once you are fixed?
I want a jacket.
No thank you . I can find the place. I'll see you later .
Welcome . The best seat on the corridor.
I want to rent a medium -sized car for three days.
Do you have a bag to go with.
I want to call San Francisco.
I stole my bag in the hotel lounge.
How and when should I pay the expenses?
Another passenger there said they could replace their seats with you.
We ate a lot.
It is very tight here.
Please large print to this size.
Hello, this room number thirty -four. I am Auda. I want a call to wake up at six o'clock tomorrow in the morning, please.
Can you pay in the front office, please?
Can I have the rest, please?
You can be interested in this small computer.
Generally, it was an easy flight permeated by a few problems.
What is your flight number?
I am happy because you loved it. I got it through a sale deal in a multi -section ABC.
Can I have a dinner on the ship?
Can I have a bulletin for the tour?
Are you a permanent member of the car rental club?
What will you buy?
exactly . You shared with us in our opinion. On the way, he said that you have benign behaviors.
How did you spend summer vacations?
Close now and call you again.
Do you put Cologne Channel?
It is very far. I would like a means of transportation.
Do you have this in a red color?
Please tell me how to use it.
Can I extend my stay?
Wonderful attempt, but you will not know in a certain way without trying.
How can I call the Information Office?
They are my brother.
O shouted, do you know any place worth seeing close to here?
Is it possible to see your driver's license?
No, I want to rent half a group of speculators and a pair of shoes.
Thank you . Enjoy your stay.
I am coming from Hokkaido.
I wish you a happy trip.
Do you have this?
What is this brand?
It is offered for sale now, with thirty dollars and only forty cents.
I was angry with what the sale employee said.
Is it possible to tell me when you pass on the lost bag?
Do you have something bigger?
The weather is wet in Japan in summer.
I want to reach the airport at two o'clock.
What is the name of this reserve?
Are there any modifications that you would like to make?
I want the color that will make me look smaller?
I was hurt.
Where is there a good place to see important places?
Please, bring my bags to the room.
I want some tomatoes, please.
Is it possible to get some fruit?
There is no problem.
Can I enter the room now?
I will not find anything like this in Japan. I will buy it.
On Wednesday at night.
Please show me my seat.
What kind of sweet do you have?
You are wrong to count.
It is three o'clock.
After the neck a little, please.
I cannot distinguish what you say.
How much is the ticket for one day?
Did you call me?
What is your flight number?
Do you know your friend's taste in clothes?
Is this place what I mean in the case of losing the bag?
I need them urgently.
How much does the total cost?
Did you know that there are banks or automated devices near here?
I am sorry, but I want to cancel the reservation.
I will be there in about four in the afternoon.
I want to leave one day before the date.
What are the goods in which the store specializes.
Can I eat my food now?
I want to replace those dollars.
Can you ask about the possibility of riding a next plane?
Will the train coming from Sydney delay?
Do you feel a headache?
You cannot take this thing to Japan. It is included in the Washington Agreement.
Can you pick me up from the nearest station?
Yes, I have .
I want to cancel my reservation.
Yes, a small piece. Hey, the fork fell from me. Please excuse.
Where is the old area of ​​the city?
Will you give me some newspapers and magazines?
Do you have one smaller?
Should we leave our cameras at the entrance?
What is the day you are closed?
I need a taxi. I am in South Mine, and Liberty.
I think we have, one moment, please.
How can I get to know this person?
Certainly, do you always want a wavy hairstyle?
This is not an apple, but it is a breach.
I would like a book on the grammar of the language.
I hope that you will come to the thirty -ninth gate at four and forty -five minutes.
What is the date of the next bus arrival?
Can I rent a bike?
Is there a tennis court near here?
Where is the host?
Do you have an experienced guide?
When do the famous cherry flowers open in Japan?
Yes, I am.
I am going to the London Tower. Can you tell me how to get there?
Can I order a big pizza with cheese?
It takes about forty minutes by bus.
Is it close?
Yes, we can, I will return it immediately.
My feelings have been raised.
I am sorry, I am not home now. Please leave a message after hearing the bile, and I will call you soon.
I want to do the tourist tour of New York with your helicopter.
Please make sure that you did not leave anything behind you.
How many times the bus passes nine?
I will give you a prescription. Take it to the pharmacy.
I lost one of the contact lenses.
I take piano teaching lessons once a week.
What do you want over it?
Please keep the bags until three o'clock.
My name is Yamashita.
Do you see that ladder? It leads to the sidewalk that goes to the other way. But in fact if you want to see London, the bus is much better than the subway. Take this road, and you will find a bus station. Bus number twelve will take you directly to the museum. Please visit Sarah, sir.
Here is something for you.
We travel three times a week, on Tuesday, Friday and Saturday.
I spent a fun time today.
This is a high price, right?
These types of hats seem to have become a fashion. I think I will also buy one.
Can I take a blanket?
Is this drug effective in relieving fever?
It is a thief.
Do you want more?
His eyes were black and open to their extent.
Ah, today's private prices are given here.
Yes, we have this, we will prepare it for you.
Can you keep my luggage until three o'clock?
For, I just want to visit without a date.
Can I book a car for rent from here?
I have understood . I think I can review them all within one hour.
Here are five dollars without any cents. Keep the change .
Please reserve a table for five individuals.
It is very close to the bathroom. Can you change it for me?
Please, please give me a calculator.
Where is the conference hall?
Are you an American?
Is it a handicraft?
If you allow me a list of hairstyles.
Do you have a colored map?
I should enter the hospital?
We have self -protection forces.
Would you like a cigarette ?
I am sorry I have done the whole amount. Try one of the subway stations.
To this place, please.
Do you have a return ticket?
Do you mind pulling the window a little bottom?
My car was broken.
If you find it, we will call you.
Please do not put sugar.
Where is the shadow of the eyes?
We want a quiet corner, if possible.
My car's motor has disrupted. I am on the fifth road in the street number fifty -seven. Please come as soon as possible.
We are interested in natural history.
We open from ten to seven thirty.
Is this taxi available?
Is this a fast train station?
I would like to make an international call to Japan, please. I am Yuki Murray in room number three and twelve. I want to make a call to Mr. Kissiuk Murray, and that you will receive it from him. The phone number in Tokyo is zero three three seven two eight three nine.
May I see it, please. Do you use it today?
When should I come?
How do you want your bills?
I would like a small white wine.
Yes . Can I get my meal later? I feel I am not well.
I want to finish using the trust box.
Listen, the, what is, uh, the fax number there at the station?
I will inform you of the Consumer Protection Association.
I want some headphones, please.
It hurts a little toes.
This is not wrong. Can't you make any arrangement?
Is there no other way to deal with the dangerous situation?
Is it open now?
My hand is swollen?
A pair of eight -inch shoes, please.
I really have news. I will marry.
What are the main exhibitions in this showroom?
Can you repair this camera ?
I need a report on the accident to obtain insurance.
Other trousers?
I found an apartment by searching on the Internet.
Can I get a program?
In the degree, the freezing point is zero.
I want it for the weekend.
My stomach is turbulent. Do you have a good medicine?
Yes, all you need is to wash it with shampoo and expose it to dry air.
Good . You ?
Good . Prefer your bill. The total is equal to forty -five dollars.
I stormed my room last night.
Can I pay a check?
Show me the fish that I saw today in the photo book, please.
I was re -planning the kitchen?
How long does it take to send this card to Japan by air mail?
We will soon take off.
Yes, sir. Do you have any personal proof?
I would like a five -year -old girl.
I never got sick for a day in my life.
How many miles to Boston?
Very nice to come to Japan.
I feel a great improvement.
I will return on March twentieth.
Do you have cakes for diabetics?
I want milk, please.
Ou. What a huge food share.
May I have stamps to letters to Japan?
What a pavement leaves the train heading to Milan?
Please send the car to the Alpha Hotel at nine in the morning of the sixth.
See the instructions on the empty food box.
I will participate in the New York tour, which will be with a helicopter.
I would like a paper money.
It looks great.
Can you see the boarding card, please?
The whiskey you want fifty cent.
Crocodile trip? Is this a joke?
Do not hit your finger at the sandy bottom.
Is this to work?
Please tell me how I can make an international call.
Can you change this bill, which is fifty dollars, to ten bills, each with five dollars?
Can I carry this luggage on the plane?
Please take this away.
He kidnapped my wallet and ran away.
It is not too far. About fifty minutes.
I would like to take this away.
How much will it take to improve?
Yesterday, I bought this and broke.
My budget is fifty dollars.
I will refer you to Mr. Suzuki.
What about six o'clock?
Now, please.
I am very pleased to see you.
Where can I find the bus number nine?
I hope our journey is happy.
Do you not have experimental lessons?
Is there a place where I can make a phone call?
I am in the bathroom. There is no hot water in the shower.
Keep this luggage, please.
Three nights from the first of July. What is the price of your rooms?
Give me fifteen liters of super, please.
Can you show me how this electric boxes operation work?
Will it be ready immediately?
What is the wine that you recommend with this dish?
I lost the transit ticket.
Is there a place near here to change foreign money?
Who are the most popular players?
Where is the location of the lost bosses?
Where can I watch a movie?
I want one hate dog, please.
Is there a fast train?
We can send it to you to the post office.
Where can I buy mail stamps?
I am from Great Britain.
This year was broken.
Give me this camera. I want to take a picture.
How much is the first -class ticket from the second -class ticket?
Will you search in your restaurant for a purity bag?
Taxi parking, where?
I have to check that with my wife.
He was cold.
I want something for a headache.
I want to get compensation for that.
Me too . I thought you could help me understand the menu.
Would you fall here, please?
I would like some drops.
I would like a French food.
Peach flowers were admired at the "Del" celebration of girls on the third of March.
From which berth will leave the train heading to Takio?
So, what about this?
Did you take any orange?
So, can I exchange it with something else?
There is a phone box in front of this bank.
I will arrive on the ninth of March and leave on the fourteenth.
Sorry. Can you tell me about some of the interesting places that can be visited in this town?
Is there any cafeteria close to here?
Two back and back tickets to Boston, please.
She says, "I adhere to your seas."
Do you want to visit a specific place?
Did he comply?
Yes, you can buy stamps from sales machines in the lobby.
Which of these shoes is for sale?
I am on the first eighty highway near Berkely's exit.
Only your name and address are enough.
This is a little expensive, don't you think?
Let me bring your bags.
How much weight?
Call a person speaking Japanese.
This room number thirty -one. Can you please bring two cups of coffee?
I think this is the wrong change.
It takes about three hours to go to the office and return.
Can you suggest a famous clothing store among young people?
He has an average to hit the ball of twenty -five.
Please do not come again.
I will leave at two in the afternoon.
I have a ticket to Dahrouit leaving at eleven in the morning.
Please make me a chair next to the corridor in the middle.
Can you help me find it?
I am looking for something made in the United States of America.
Does it take more than ten minutes on foot?
I think I am in love with you?
What is the time that I said that we should hand over our paper with its solutions?
Is there a person who takes care of him?
Do you have heels?
Where is the final bus station?
What is the population of your country?
Do you want sweets?
Party for four, seven thirty nights. What is the name you call it?
I want to change my request.
What is the first place that tourists are interested in visiting in England?
I will leave tomorrow.
I want some pickled option, please.
Do you have tonight?
I came from Tokyo.
I want juice, please.
What places did you plan to visit in this country?
What made this?
Mr. Frank Schmted, our factory director, will be pleased to see you here.
Twenty -five dollars, including the bus fare, and the expens of the guide and entry.
What is in your belief?
I was on a trip that America is four zero. I examined two bags.
I want a battery for this, please.
Near the stage, please.
Registered, please.
Where is the departure examination table?
The weather is hot.
Sorry, this is the type of room that we have.
We are mainly trading in home electrical tools.
Individual without a bathroom, please.
Yes, I am looking for a dress.
We want to try local food.
What is it?
Take my friend to the hospital, please.
I really helped.
The city's art museum is good.
The taste of this grapes is good.
What number should I request for information?
Where is the phone?
We will hold a meeting and decide within a week.
Please give me a receipt to the insurance company.
Are you talking?
Yes, she is doing it. It seems that the scene of the sky warns of something.
The same for me, please.
This wine really rested me.
One minus. The total of what I bought five.
I thank you for my car here after hours. I can really help you.
What is the fastest meal?
How much tonight?
certainly . One minute, sir.
My request did not come.
You don't have to wake me up for meals.
Certainly, please.
Don't worry . I called one of the fire station.
How much is the cost of going to "Holiday In" by the taxi.
There are a lot of hot springs.
I miss you .
Sorry . She gave up some coffee.
No, just for a few months. I think I will be present for about three years.
Please only fifty thousand yen to US dollars.
Is the post office close?
I want to rent some surfing equipment.
Do you have any local dishes?
Can you book this seat for me?
This is good for me. In fact, I would like to smoke.
I do not understand what you say.
Hi, where is our private room, please? Would you go to it?
I will never forget the time we spent together under the tree on a bright summer day.
Is this the right window?
Where can I buy siblings and shoes?
It is supposed to become warmer this evening.
Did you forget our drinks?
Here is my full name and I am.
How much is the double room?
The taste of this wine is bad.
Can you bring a pillow to the number one eleven room, please?
Where is on the third floor?
Can you send it to my address in Japan by international parcel mail and get the price from there?
I have no medical ticket.
Where is the cemetery?
I have to say goodbye.
By the way, where is the neck associations divided?
Can you tell me how to go there?
The break is thirty minutes. Can you eat a snack in the bar that serve light foods on the first floor?
Can you help me, please?
Welcome to Air Air.
Do we have time to walk here and there?
I would like a cup of red wine.
My dream has become true.
Don't put Ketchb, please.
Where are the cages of the accusation?
This is wrapped.
Only if it is your property, sir. Haha, a small joke.
Good . Prefer your key. Your room number eleven zero nine.
Where can I buy dishes?
Sorry for the boycott, but let's take the main issue. We have a lot to discuss today.
I am sensitive to antibiotics.
I have some duties of English, mathematics and French.
I will draw a map.
certainly . How can we serve you?
Do you accept dollars?
The visa is valid for six months.
This is very good. We do not need to be done tonight.
Ou, it's coming.
In marine mail?
It will be dangerous if I don't take a taxi to the hotel.
We have beer, wizkes, Brande, Jin, Vodka, and Winger.
No, I am afraid that we will be delayed for a few hours.
Some without cigarettes, please.
I will download the next station.
A call to Mr. Ogawa and you get the price from him, Tokyo is four five seven.
I understand. Please fill in this form . We may not be able to find it, so you should contact the credit company.
I am very sorry, sir. We must inform the police.
Is there a place that offers discounts close to here?
Personal investigation. Oh, is the passport benefit?
Suggest before.
My room number is twenty -six. Can you take washing?
Please show me invoices.
Give me instructions.
Yes, I have two cartons.
Pay bags. Stop it.
Yes, we have ninety -nine types of snacks.
I will see if any of them suits me.
I would like a boiler.
Bring me some grated cheese.
Please call a Japanese doctor.
Just came out of food. He will return within ten minutes.
Will we arrive on the date?
May I ask you to draw the road to the post office?
To help someone, please.
It seems that my camera was broken. Can you look at it?
Is there any other bus line going there?
Is the price for the group or for each piece?
What kind of spices do you prefer? We have the island of a thousand, blue, and French cheese.
I want some change.
Can I get clean shirts tomorrow morning?
Can you speak slowly?
No, I have been correct. I divorced about six months.
Certainly, sir. How do you prefer the meat slice?
Can you tell me how to control room temperature?
Everything is beautiful.
What is the official kimono?
Go to the bathroom a few times every hour.
Can you ask him to call me?
I want a cup of red wine, please.
I am looking for a silky Ishrib.
Carry my bags, please.
Will this bus go to Boston?
I will leave on the seventh of tomorrow morning, so I want my bill from now.
Rest it a little over the eyebrows, please.
I will take this and this.
Why?
Sorry. Is there a book store close to here?
I want to send this by mail.
Please close the line. I will call you later.
The water overflowed in the bathtub.
I think you made a mistake. The room paid its price in advance. I have a receipt.
There are four distinguished seasons.
Well, I think I will reduce three percent.
My credit card did not come out of the automatic drain machine.
The bus there.
The model may be more friendly for the user.
I have these symptoms since the morning.
This is a certainty in the room twenty -nine. I have a severe pain with my equipment. Please call me a doctor.
I hate you .
I would like two hundred ISO fatwas, thirty -six shots, please.
I would like to spend this check by seventy dollars.
I would like to book a wing.
I would like to buy stamps for ten postcards to Japan, please.
Where is the gasoline station?
Is this an infection?
It will take about ninety -nine days to release a card. Please write the hotel's name and phone number on this paper, so that we can contact you.
Does this limousine go to the Palace Hotel?
Will you go to school?
Are there drains near the station?
Would you like something to drink ?
I am afraid that there will be an error in the bill.
I want a tent.
I found it.
I am looking for a thread.
What causes you to study hard?
Will our request come immediately?
Which is closer to here?
It is true here.
Does the train stop in Adeleide?
Please send the chayal.
One Shizberger to go, please.
I want this.
This trend, please. The seat next to the window is your own.
I want some nose drops.
Is this a subway station or an ordinary train station?
Where is the passenger hall?
It is one zero in the afternoon.
It will take a little time to prepare however.
We must decide this evening if we will continue our plans to establish a branch somewhere in Latin America, and, if we will do, where specifically, when, and how.
May I have a compensatory card for canceling the party or the match due to the rain?
When purchasing more than nine and two dollars, you can use the customs exemption system.
Bron. My name is on its side.
I will make the hotel server open the door with the main key. A moment please. What is your name and room number?
Enjoy hearing the soul music.
You can no longer make a design without a computer anymore.
The battery is weak.
Understood . So two back and back tickets to San Dego, please.
Your coffee, please.
What's the time ?
Do I need a hunting permit?
We would like a table next to the window.
Play.
I am unemployed.
Is any school available?
Can you bring my luggage below at seven in the morning?
Should we pay drinks?
I love Joya. I miss to see them.
There are pieces in my blouse. I wonder, can you sew it for me, please?
Can I get records in the deal there?
Do you have a bus to the airport?
Well, when you come to Japan, please a home button.
Ou, about an hour. This is a bit far away.
It fits the beach completely.
How long does it take to go there and return?
Can you keep my enjoyment until the fourth?
How much is the fee to Manchester?
It takes about forty minutes. Please take a Japanese booklet, if you want.
Fifty cents for the word. It is more expensive than I expected.
Can I leave this vehicle outside the hallway?
Are these taxes exempt from taxes?
The best thing is to spend a good time with good friends.
I would like to book a room with two beds and bathroom for two nights, starting from May 3.
Can you deliver them tomorrow morning?
Because of the snowstorm, the Canadian Airlines trip was canceled by two.
Do you send mail books to Japan?
How long will you stay?
Does X -ray affect the movie?
I follow a slimming diet, so make it a small part, please.
The journey was canceled. We will take you to the hotel.
I will arrive late, but keep my argument, please.
How long will it be?
Can you lend me a supply wire?
Where can I buy a beach mat?
Please give me a opponent.
I am exactly outside my room. My room number is two zero.
We have ten individual rooms, eight spouses and nine with two beds.
We can examine our belongings here.
Please put it on the scale there. Seventy -five cents.
Can you take me to Union Station?
I would like to look at this.
Well, because you know that the government will provide more procedures that urge pumping.
Do you have an airspace?
Will I be able to get the things written in the list of the supermarket or do I need to go to the pharmacy as well?
No, we did not, but you bought gasoline. Please fill the tank before returning the car.
I would like to send this postcard to Japan by air mail.
In New York. And the tourism company said it should be valid.
Thanks for everything.
So, please give me a new reservation.
Do you think I should return to Japan?
May I ask about your name?
Today's price will reach this amount.
Give me this piece of pork, but not that thickness.
We will come on the seventh.
Where is the exhibition?
May I use the bathroom or shower tonight?
When I see the prices with these licenses, it seems ridiculous to buy anything in Japan.
I stole my records, too.
The number is two zero nine three five five two.
We are a group of three.
Come on, give me a better amount.
Vanilla ice cream cone, please.
The time you start is two in the afternoon as you booked. But another party will end shortly.
Have you done a reservation?
I go to the bathroom every thirty minutes.
How long does it take to maritime mail?
I agree. It should become very normal.
Exactly here?
Notice the gap, note the gap, then near the doors, please.
We will stay for three nights.
I will need a credit card.
Prefer the number.
I would like to change my journey.
Is there a subway station close to here?
This is Mr. Kobayakawa speaks. May I speak to Mr. Thomas?
When does this train leave?
Tell me about a good area for this river, please.
How often do you hold a concert?
I would like to take an ice ski lesson.
Relace your apartment fee.
For one person?
Please give me a report on the accident.
Give me a small bottle of it.
No, thank you now.
Where does local people usually eat?
Do you have any exchange cards in it?
It will be forty dollars in tax, making it forty -three.
Well, stay on the line. Sayyid/ Nakajima, Miss/ Cito seems to be not answering the call. Do you want me to call it a longer period?
Is it easy for a two -year -old boy to play?
Perhaps, but we should study both.
I want to send these postcards to Japan.
I am from France.
May I see your ticket?
Two round tickets to Washington DC, the capital, please.
Can we play with these shoes?
Can you fix this pieces in my pants?
Please make a call that you get from what is required.
It seems very rare.
Where is the journey luggage explaining three zero three?
I don't know what is the size.
Where is the nearest phone?
Yes, please do it. I will wait for your call.
Can you give me a discount to stay three nights?
Can I take a message?
Exactly at the theater, exactly. But you should reserve.
Something wrong with your bag.
Sorry. Can I get a city map?
Isn't this dangerous?
This queue is long.
Will this spoil?
I want a fried egg, toast and tomato juice.
Map, please.
Can you break this, please?
Do you have another enrollment form?
No thank you . It is better not to drink more.
Is the card written on it your name placed on your luggage?
Anything to announce?
Double room, please.
There are no seized seats. You can take the seat you love.
I would like some sausage, please.
Take my bag.
Are you Korean?
No, but we have a small new car as an alternative. The red there.
You decreased our exchange rate. Does this mean that each bank has a different price?
What is expected to wear?
How many coins he takes?
Call it, please.
I would like a wall clock.
What is the town at which the bus will stop the next time?
Ou, you are very beautiful, aren't you?
Frank Swiss, did we agree?
How long does it take from Los Angeles to San Francisco?
Good evening . May I help you?
I would like some medications for indigestion.
I want to tell my friends about this place, so can you give me a booklet about the hotel?
I lost my passport . Please make a theft record.
Where do you take me?
Where is the phone?
Please tell me about some streets appropriate for shopping.
Sorry for a moment.
I will write to you.
Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel?
What is the most comprehensive tour of the city?
Now, this painting is very special. It was drawn by Tzuruaro Kataoka. He is known as a world artist.
Can you fill this form, please?
I would like the onion hot sandwich, please.
What is the special meal for this restaurant today?
Sorry. Can you tell me about the average cost of a regular dinner?
Instead, please.
What about leaving tomorrow morning to Paris and transferring to the evening flight of Swiss Airlines?
Please wait for you to sit.
No diving.
Yes . This is the eleven zero room nine. Air conditioner does not work. Can you fix it?
Good . Where is this camera button?
We have won contracts with most suppliers in Japan.
Can you tell me about the way to Union Square?
Can you tell me how to use the gas pump?
Do you have a recovery?
At Z Z Z Funny name, right?
The coral reefs are beautiful here and the cute current comparison.
Eighty -five pennies.
I have a great appreciation of classic music.
Can I invite you to dinner outside?
This was a magician.
Two bags were recorded.
certainly . Please, my regards to Miss Cook, who made a lot of good initiatives during our meeting.
Do you have any accommodations available at this price?
Good . What is your partner's name and number, please.
I have my bank account number.
I am afraid you will not. You will have to go there and walk in the place.
I am a housekeeper.
Sorry. Let me go out, please.
Can you spell your last name, please?
A ticket to Chicago, please.
Can you call an employee speaking Japanese?
Do you think you can change the car tire yourself?
It is really beautiful. You must come and visit some time.
Where is the problem? Please explain.
From the left, these indicate the necessary manufacturing time, cost width, and financial risk.
Can you change the bill with ten dollars?
When will we leave?
Can you nominate some other hotels?
I want some of the facial powder, please.
Is the flight delayed ?
Sorry.
We visit our relatives a lot.
There is an opening in this.
We have only eight size now.
We have coffee, tea, orange juice, etc. What do you like ?
Do not bother.
I am just something.
It appears to be immature. Can you give it a longer period?
Can you take this luggage to the taxi?
I want a strong one.
May I have some peppers, please?
No, I feel lucky. Let's go .
Where can I buy me?
Do you have a larger one ?
Please tell me when we get to Green Park.
Do I have to get insurance?
Can I take pictures of the museum?
What is the movie shown internally now?
Can you change these to Japanese yen?
Mickey Hayawa. This is a seven zero room.
Yes, I did. I went last Sunday with a friend.
This is a three zero room.
I have to stay here tonight, right? Can you help me reserve a hotel room?
May I have more bread?
It should not be long. Fifteen minutes mostly.
Can you help me get tickets.
Is it a fixed price for the center of the country?
I would like to book three at seven o'clock, please.
Do you see a white building? It is in front of the building.
Is this the correct path of the train heading to the X station?
I am at the ABC Hotel, a room of eighty -five. Can you ask him to talk to me here, please?
No thanks, all this.
My joints hurt me.
Can you tell me the value of this call?
Where is the gasoline station?
Well, can you tell her that I called, please? I will contact her again later.
This coffee is too heavier.
Please give me a copy of theft minutes.
We have tunnels systems in major cities such as Tokyo.
Sorry we cannot, we do not have the same item.
Is there any morning tour?
Can you give me an anesthetic?
certainly . A secret forward for three residential buildings. Then he turned left. You will see a beautiful Chinese gate.
The price will be ten dollars for the head.
Sorry. Can you fill it regularly, please?
Did you look at the suspect well?
Do foreign currencies change?
Our total budget is about fifty dollars for three people.
Well, what is your opinion? I would definitely listen to your views.
What about carrying these shoes in me?
I can buy a roll from the movie?
Do you have a Japanese beer?
I will return here again tomorrow. What are your work dates?
Do you include a hair washing and dryer?
I would like a small size bath, please.
Who do you want to see?
When is the date for boarding on the plane?
I would like some underwear.
I will let you know my phone number there as soon as I can.
The main plate consists of grilled beef and locusts.
What path from which the train goes to the center?
This is one of the finest types of us.
Will you be able to compensate for it?
I want to register my luggage.
We'll eat it together, so bring an additional thorn please.
Is the elderly the elderly still respected?
Is there any drawing on the headphones?
The basic fee is five hundred dollars and an additional fee of fifty -five dollars per month.
At Halicolani Hotel.
Certainly my lady. Do you want to use a shoe with a shoe? How is the size?
This lady Kawasu in room number sixteen eleven.
Welcome .
Has the confirmation repeated?
May I see this please?
Hickens juice, please.
What kind of sir?
Is this good?
There is no.
Which is more important for the Japanese people, New Year's Day or Christmas?
Your seat number is thirty -two a. Then a secret in a straight line in this way. It is the seat adjacent to the window.
It will not be that splendor.
Can I take two hot sausages?
Help me, please.
I wake up at six every day.
Unfortunately, we cannot. It will take more than two weeks.
Where can I find tourist information?
I understand. I will check our employees.
How did I get to the Empire State building from here?
How much is a mobile phone rental price and a stone?
Oh, my God .
Did you start receiving dinner requests?
My name is Tsunio Suzuki. Here's my reservation confirmation.
At Ritz Hotel.
Welcome . To Paris, please.
A moment please.
A table next to the window, please.
Is it possible to show me the one at the window?
Does this medical lotion prevent sweat from the body?
Plastic bags, please.
My bag is lost .
I want to measure this high -heeled shoe.
Will the guards change today?
You can fill the brilliance in the pharmacy in the main floor.
Do you not have smaller pills?
Sorry, but all our tables are busy. Do you want to wait?
This has a rift.
I want one week's vacation, please.
I will take a bit of ice cream.
Can we get a cigarette extinguisher please?
Please go to the left.
Tanaka, room number one zero.
Sorry, may I have some water?
It is very wide for me. Show me a smaller size, please.
You are nice to say that.
Look abroad. Here I am coming.
Can you release another ticket for shipping fees only?
It will take about an hour.
Please complete the incomplete data in the report.
I do not understand American English, but I speak high -end English.
Five, twenty and four category fifty.
Is this zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero?
I will look at you first from my whereabouts.
Since yesterday.
Is there a laundry close to here?
May I borrow a hair dryer?
Can you bring salt for me?
It is a gift.
I am waiting for you to calm down.
Includes collision and religion insurance.
The number is zero three three two three four, one, three four.
I am really happy with the gift.
It was better to tighten my fist on a wallet, if anyone tried to kidnap it.
The claim card was lost.
In the evening, darkness comes at nearly four o'clock and closes the stores early.
Does the service fee include?
How do you want to oppose?
Sorry, but can you explain these buttons?
What about the car that is there, Playmouth?
Do you have gorgeous ornamental pins?
Sorry, but I want someone to help me.
I call from a public booth in Massi.
For four days. If the symptoms persist, I can fill them again.
Is there a service for Seattle from Chicago?
Is it suitable for eight and a half size paper in thirteen inches.
Is there a private bathroom?
The towels should be wrapped on the rack above the sink.
Show me some of the jackets that fit this.
We hope to increase sales of microcal devices in educational sales outlets by consolidating their use in this neglected field.
How much is the price ?
This is very big.
There is a great demand for this new computer.
Bleeding here.
I want a dwelling.
How much is the waiting for an hour?
This is possible if you can travel on the early morning trip on the twenty -sixth.
My masters, we have on our journey today, hosts speaking Japanese can be recognized by the emblem they wear. If you know anyone who wants to help in translation, please let's know.
Is there any specific era of art you prefer?
I will eat a pie on fashion.
I want water, please.
Please check it again.
If the full day tour includes the hunter's berth, I will take it.
Don't worry .
I feel I am not well, please give me some medications.
A secret in a straight line along the river is about half a mile. You will reach the park.
This is a very chewing meat slice for me.
We just run out of us.
Well, they are a wonderful youth team, and the Dodgers team are also strongly.
Not yet, thanks.
Please stand in the middle of our group.
No, they are very solid.
I would like to be washed clothes at some point today.
A transparent color movie, please.
Japan is the seventh country in the world in terms of population.
Well, I will send it to Las Vegas.
Someone tried to enter the apartment. A young criminal, I think.
I am looking for a running shirt.
It is very narrow from the chest.
Can you contact an insurance company?
What types of wine do you have?
No, take three.
It is five dollars.
Oh thanks. I enjoyed it.
Do you want to drink something from the bar?
This road, please. Take this elevator.
I am in work.
I will stay at the Hilton Hotel. I will be here for only three days.
I would like a laptop, please.
Are there any hotels near the airport?
I want Frankfurt sausage with a flavor please.
I feel sudden pain in my stomach.
Please rescue team.
A ticket for one student, please.
Please write a letter upon your arrival.
It is better for you to take the train of the eighth and a half.
I'm sorry . Look, I will pay everything. Not only does the police call. My father will kill me.
I have constipation.
Can you package this as a gift?
I feel slight pain in the stomach.
Did you not eat anything between them?
Two dollar stamps, one and ten stamps of twenty cents, please.
They do not eat eggs raw in the United States of America.
Where can I fix my watch?
Please tell them that we will delay about thirty minutes.
Give me ten souvenirs, please.
I use your iron store.
How do I reach the restaurant?
faster .
Is there a cinema house near here?
They will be ready tomorrow. But using our own service, by this evening.
Now the oyster collection season, so they will be in good condition.
Certainly, bus No. Five of the Royal Winzal Hotel was located in Downtown Square.
Sorry, but can you go to the station?
You can find it at the bus station there.
I will ask him what suits him before I call him.
Car rental section, please.
I would like to watch the mountains.
I would like a used watch.
Is this for women or for men?
I want to buy new glasses.
We want to edit a report on missing luggage.
I will log in at approximately eight o'clock in the evening.
Time is late. I must leave.
Will we stop at the store on the way back?
You will be completed by tomorrow evening.
I did not use your washing service. Can you check again?
Turn this to Bisita, please.
I want tea, please.
Which is preferred, a seat where smoking is allowed or a seat where smoking is forbidden?
No, there is no.
I am Mr. Tanaka. I just log in, but the room does not like.
Is this the last station?
Sippie snow pieces, please.
No, but we have a doctor who can understand Japanese very well. So there is no problem at all.
Good .
I don't know Australian sizes.
Are you dancing with me?
That's it all. How much do I owe you?
If you were in your place, you would try it.
Let's contact it.
The illustration shows the main differences between the two types of contracts.
Am I? Chess is a perfect game for me.
Okay . I want to buy some souvenirs. Can you nominate me something typical?
Is this seasoned hot?
He is sick. Please summon a doctor.
What are the most famous sports here?
With what kind of TV shows are interested in?
Do we lose or ever earn our way to America?
Show me the appointment schedule, please.
Where can I take a bus to watch landmarks?
Yes, I want to see the city's landmarks.
I would like some loudspeakers.
Do you live alone?
You have to wait an hour.
How did you do?
A photo machine does not work well.
I wish you a pleasant stay.
Okay . I bought a jacket from your store this morning. But when I went back and opened it, it was not the one I bought. This is my loyalty.
How do you eat this ?
Do you have a green salad?
There are many tourists near the building, and they seem to have gathered to look at what is happening.
The full number, both thank you.
Do you know which doctor speaks Japanese?
What time does the show start ?
Can I pay Paln?
My hobbies are mountain climbing and piano.
Thanks for your hospitality.
I can't believe that I should return to Japan. I hope to stay longer.
Water leaks from above. I can't endure sitting here.
Mill a masterpiece.
I am Mrs. Maizaki in room number twenty -three fifteen. I want to call to wake up tomorrow morning.
It is famous for the beautiful environment.
See you soon .
Where can I buy a masterpiece?
Okay . In blue, red and yellow.
Trust is the best policy.
I will be happy to be beneficial to you.
I want to fill it when pump number five please. Take twenty dollars.
How beautiful it is to meet you.
Where can I spend some tourist checks?
Do you reserve us for tomorrow's evening?
Can you accompany us to the seat of the nineteen and twenty and twenty?
Can you wake me up at six, please?
I was only able to buy a new car recently.
Spend my hair on the left, please.
How many times the bus is punished for Hyd Park?
How much is the price for half a day?
Do you have a guide speaking Japanese?
I am Kenji.
Yes, green salad.
I am looking for a doctor who understands the Japanese language, please.
Immediately and with a friend. But there is a problem. I have no friend yet.
Do you know any good places to see in Chicago?
Give me some medications, please.
Well, if you insist, I will go with you.
I want to change my room.
I heard the announcement of the cancellation of the number one zero seven.
I would like a rubber shoe, please.
A secret in a straight line. Milton Hotel on the left.
Where can I get the ticket?
I would like to reserve.
Please, the car is as much as possible.
Can you replace these with another one of the same kind, please?
Cooking there is modest.
How many alcoholic beverage bottles do you have?
I want to reach the airport before six o'clock.
Do you intend to download the price to seven dollars?
I want to shop before we leave. Can you take care of my travel bag for a while?
You can convert it in any of the banks at the airport.
I would like some paper clips.
How much is the price ?
We have excellent rose wine.
Good .
Can I talk to Mr. Jones?
What does this bill belong?
Have you seen the match? The Yanki team won.
I want to make a paid connection from the other party to Japan. Anna Watanabi Guru, Room number one three. I want to talk to Mr. and Tanabi Makoto on the number eight one four five drains four and four.
Here is your bill.
I will try this.
No, I have no. I came from Japan.
No, thanks ,. I will find it myself.
I want to reserve for the third hour and a half in the afternoon.
Does this bus pass on the five -year road.
Our guide will meet us at the airport.
A call from person to person, please.
Beautiful, thanks.
She is bleeding.
I have an allergy against shellfish.
Can you tell me the TV programs today?
Which days of the week?
Is this eye shadow?
This is correct . It will be a good practice.
I am sure I will recover quickly.
I am a teacher.
I would like a coating box.
Thirty -six photos, please.
On which channels is the movie shown?
Mexican food.
Here the bus has arrived. It is better to rush.
Good . A successful shopping key is going there early before crowding.
To conclude an agreement.
Ah, wonderful. We have a lot of time.
What is your private cocktail?
Do you have a dark green color?
Twenty thousand yen, please.
Is this the entry portal for the twenty -flying flight to Miami?
Deposit Treasury, please.
It is very few.
Can I convert this currency into the currency of another country later?
Give me all your money.
My office is here on top. I offer you my secretary Anne Patler. Ann, I give you Mr. Ozo from Osaka.
I want to reserve a seat on the Economic Class on the plane heading to Chicago on Wednesday.
Please bring a suitable wine.
I want to book a room for the next three nights.
Can you open the door for me? Or may I borrow the original key?
One of this red box, please.
Mayhama is the right station to go to Disneyland.
Its price is slightly high.
I want a small place.
When will the bus arrive at the Hilton Hotel?
Is it required to pay the price of the gas?
This is a popular dish in our restaurant.
Please pay the reservation cancellation fee in the hotel.
Beautiful . I will finish work at six at the time. What about the seventh then?
Good . The value of the balance in your account is six hundred and thirty dollars.
The largest multi -department store is located there.
Can I take my luggage at the end of the trip?
Please check it quickly.
Do you have a beautiful gift for my husband?
Wake up at meals.
Can you tell me how to use the wall clock?
To study.
Certainly, here is the mustard dough.
The socket does not work.
Do you see the US flight sign number seven zero seven? You need to go there.
I have sixteen dollars, the price of an excellent type of lead.
Infected with stomach pain. May I get some medications?
I am looking for a stapler.
This was loved during the 1940s.
I want to know the size of my neck.
Do you want more coffee?
thief . Hold it.
The transfer key is broken.
We are waiting for our friends to attend.
Can I call you ? Can you give me your phone number?
Please give me some fruits.
This is a consisting of forty percent cotton and sixty percent of Nylon.
I will bet on it on the red marital numbers.
The leasing clubs receive eighty dollars on the full group and the dollars to rent the shoe.
Three days starting from June 7.
Are there rental apartments for tourists?
Does he know that I am here?
tomorrow ? I will not do anything throughout the afternoon. But what is the reason?
I want to make a paid connection from the other party to Mr. Hasheimoto.
Is there a football match at the end of this week?
This looks good. I'll take this please.
Can you see me, my bill, please? What is these drawings?
They are on the other side of the magazine section.
What are the choices today?
Where can I apply for a new version?
It is for a short time to sleep. Its price is a little high.
Tabio Ozura.
I will show you the place around us.
We want a table in the section permitted to smoke.
I would like a dandruff preparation.
Can you help me fill this form?
Is there any discount for tourists?
I would like a zipper.
After the hair wash, I want to paint the nails.
Not very expensive. Good . Well we will stay in a beautiful hotel called Al -Boufroly. It is located in East Sayed.
I will move to another trip in Paris.
You never say.
Do you know it for a long time?
In the souvenir store next to the entrance.
No, this is Tamura.
Permanent hair ripples, please.
I have a date for seven o'clock.
What is stingy?
Please narrow these.
I want to reserve a bed carrier on the plane heading to Madrid tonight.
Of course . Only a secret on this street is a two -distance, and you will see Nishns Bank on the right side.
It is small body and smart.
Thanks, but I want to think about it.
When do you arrive?
How much is a pound of this?
What will happen if you agree?
What is the opera offer today?
Fry, please.
Do you wish to make any other deal?
Gasly has not yet returned.
The red dress is a champagne mainly made up of strawberry cocktail and is very refreshing.
This is useful. Thanks . Anna sorry, your name, please.
Was there any distinctive characteristic or a sign of it?
By the way, are you not busy next Saturday?
Another bus is at twelve and a half.
Can I look at the jacket at the display lattir?
Two cups of Dakiri syrup, please.
Is there any restaurant in which it is speaking in Japanese?
Can you contact my colleague in Bugger? Mena has gone astray in the crowd.
I will give you an injection.
Well, then, we will be harmonious with each other.
She treated me as if I was a beggar.
My companion suffered severe stomach pain.
I would like a cream for oily skin.
Can you nominate a tour to watch the landmarks?
Almost thirty minutes. Please wait in the transit hall.
Can I make a paid connection from the other party to Japan?
I understand. Can you help me with this other problem as well?
Can I order a pizza giving in my room?
Can you put looking lenses in this sunglasses?
I think we can provide a table within thirty minutes.
Where is the nearest shave shop?
How much is the crew?
I am coming from Germany.
Please turn this into dollars.
Do you have the fruit of the Person?
There is a beautiful smell coming from the food store.
I will take two of these.
Did you show me how to make a phone call?
I bet that there are drug users here.
Do you understand what I say?
May I ask about the time of departure from here?
It is abroad.
What a smart dog. From which species?
My father gets panic on board the planes.
I am here with my friend. Can we sit with you?
Food is great and people are serious at work, but TV is boys.
I understand. Let me review the notebook. I have a Friday opening. Do you prefer the morning or after noon?
Thanks . Please pay at the collector there. Thanks again.
When do I return?
Where is the administrative staff room?
Ninth o'clock.
I'm sorry . I don't have enough now.
Good . To do it. Are you ready.
Is this quartz?
Mona fell. Please bring another one.
Yes . I want toothpaste too.
Ask potato salad on the account, please.
Air pollution is a serious problem in this city.
Do you have a break?
I feel tingling in my stomach.
The phone number is one of three three six.
Do you prefer fish or beef?
I preferred a seat. I must find a seat.
I have to reach the airport before eight in the morning.
I think I met you before. I am Kenichi Yamada from Nanio Technology.
Can you consider the vision test schedule?
We will hold a friendly party tomorrow. Share us, will you attend?
Can I get a screwdriver?
Can I photograph?
Yes . This plane is so small that it will not expand all the luggage.
Smoking in the elevator, please.
This was fun.
I want to take a river trip.
certainly . A secret in a straight line, then left right at the third. You will find it on your right.
Please Zaki is a restaurant.
This room number is three and twenty five. TV does not work.
I want two yards of this fabric, please.
Please pay the transfer fee to get there.
Which do you prefer: a dog or cat?
I can take it.
Can you bring me some snow, two cups, please?
I had a metal water bottle of the refrigerator.
Do you have a colored transparent movie?
What is your trip number?
I have health problems in the heart.
Where is sesame oil?
This is where a collision occurred between four cars yesterday.
Sometimes I go to play golf during weekends.
There are some points that need to be careful.
I want to make an appointment at ten in the morning.
Be quiet . I will make a call and make an appointment for a story.
Do you know Cathy? It is her birthday.
Can you sit there?
Do you have a painting on which the colors?
Can I pay for tourist checks?
It seems that the headphones do not work well.
What is shown in the cinema tonight?
Can I get a new version of it?
Do you have a dark red background with a pure silver background?
What is the maximum age?
I would like a tomato juice, please.
Yes, will you explain how to use these headphones?
How long are we allowed to enter?
But, he, man, how do I know it is the true thing?
Do you know any of the stores where Japanese sales employees work?
Yes, sir, a number of the best people residing here. People pay a screaming for taxi drivers, if I understand what I mean, sir.
A second -class one, please.
I am a barrier on a five -fly trip to Seattle tomorrow.
We are a little late, but don't worry.
Make sure that you meet all your promises.
Where can I apply to the diving school?
I got another envelope?
I don't want hair oil, thanks.
How many days?
I didn't want this.
I understand. Looks beautiful. But is it not a little high.
Can I buy it from taxes?
I have no metal money for the currency box.
Did you know that you did not stop at the signal?
I cannot put luggage under the seat. Can you keep it for me, please?
How much tonight?
Seven seven.
I will arrive around ten o'clock.
My number is one of the three zero five five.
You can put this travel bag in the car box.
Since I cut all this way to Savil Row, I had to sew a suit.
Please charge the battery.
Twenty of April.
I want to change for the afternoon trip.
Clothes, bags, shoes and things like that.
I'm out now. So I will take it.
She is an eight -year -old Japanese girl.
How are you ? My father sends to you his greetings.
Let's hurry, otherwise we will be late.
Is it fragile or broken?
Please send someone to the upper floor to take my bags at six thirty.
I would like a map of the tongue of Francisco and the surrounding area.
What kind of bread you have?
Where is the elevator?
Is there anyone who can play the piano?
I am afraid that this project will fail.
Please teach me, please.
About an hour and a half.
I'm sorry . I gave it to another person residing in the same room.
Mary caught the train, but George did not catch him.
All the work and not playing makes Jack a boring boy.
Well, I will think about it.
At what station will I go to go to the Empire State Building?
Tickets for highly good train for the train and seat you booked.
Gokorosa to explain all this to me.
I haven't felt any intestine for three days.
Which of the speculators will I use it for the next blow?
What are the most beloved beaches for local children?
They are all personal goods.
Yes, only one Coca bottle.
The budget is less than a thousand dollars.
Prefer sweets.
Is it not dangerous eating it?
This is my claim card. Can you review it immediately?
Thanks . But I don't think I have time to stay for two nights. Can you book a room with two beds at that hotel only the twelfth of March?
We also buy a lot of marine food from other countries.
Broken things.
Don't worry . We will announce it.
The road to the Fisherman Row, please.
Can you bring tea, bread and butter? This room number two zero three four.
Can I reserve a room with two beds overlooking the ocean?
Myself yearn for a large beer dose.
It depends on whether you have something or not.
Well, sir. Please put the headphone and I will let you know when you get the call.
Desktop publication is somewhat common these days.
Do you prefer to convert this bill into smaller bills?
Manchester, please.
I'm sorry . We do not do this.
I poured something. Can you bring me a table handkerchief?
When was your last connection?
How much is the ticket price to White Plans on North Line?
Is it a half -day tour?
Please show me the appointment schedule.
We have not decided yet.
I want to wash my hand. Is there a room where I wash my hands?
Do I need tickets?
There is something wrong with the car. Can you check it?
Yes . He knows we want clothes.
A long -distance call, please.
My friend stumbles and tired an ankle.
I am sorry, but it is at a meeting now.
I am looking for a bank. Where is the closest one?
What kind of job?
Ah, damn. Where are we?
Good morning . How many of you will eat?
The card key. Did you give me another one, please?
I will try some iced drink.
You have to check within ninety minutes before the departure time.
I left my hotel in the hotel toilet.
Please about this for small coins.
It seems that someone has taken it wrongly.
Where is the study course for beginners?
Do you have any different colors?
I want to return the radio that I bought yesterday.
What line can I take.
Please bring me a towel?
I will ride a second plane in North West, two three four. Where can I log in my luggage?
Can I change the seats?
Dollars and seventy five. I will call you when ready.
Can you inquire about it to Tokyo?
This room number is six zero.
What a look!
Please wake me up at six o'clock tomorrow morning.
It appears to be a high -quality piece.
Do I take your belongings?
May I get my bill please?
Is there a Thai restaurant close to here?
Please face the Thames.
Sorry, will you take a picture of us?
Are there places for diving near here?
I would like a grilled meat sandwich with everything, fries and strawberry drink.
Please send this expulsion and payment in cash upon delivery.
It is with that high building. So go back in the same way that I came from until the traffic light. Then he went left.
I am very happy because I have been eating meals on the western way since I left Tokyo.
I have to catch a plane heading to the Los Angeles Bakr tomorrow morning.
I want to light up this.
Please without your name and the hotel where you live and your phone number on this paper.
Can I make a date on Friday?
Good morning . This is a call to wake you up.
I made a call.
Please show me the way for the LPA office.
Sorry. Can you break this dollar? I want to make a call, but I have no fool.
So I can confidently make a San Francisco City Tower. This gives you an idea of ​​San Francisco.
From nine in the morning until nine at night.
Can you print my name and me on top of the speech?
I want to get insurance.
Here's my payment receipt.
Is the uniform required?
How much does the face massage with the algae mask cost?
Let us use a cool bag to relieve pain.
I would like to spend the check.
How was the weather in Los Angeles?
It is outside the door. Go to the bus station number three. This bus will take you to the Pay View Hotel.
With this software, users will be able to create an internet page in less than ten minutes.
I fell and wounded my knee.
Please show me .
What does the painting indicate?
You want to buy a dress.
Why did the product a large share of the market have kept during the past five years?
How much is the taxi to this hotel?
Where is the bathroom?
Good . He went to the Passport Passover Office.
Prepare for me two dollars.
When will it come?
Do you have the same black?
What is the time to leave the last train?
Please, bring me up at the next station?
Please rent boards.
Yes, we have three tennis courts behind this wing.
Does this building cost me to enter any money?
Please, take me from the station.
Do it in your own way.
Where should I enter the row?
Please, go to the fifth window.
Well, sir. We see you at seven o'clock.
Certainly there is an calculation. How much does it cost?
I would like an automatic car capable of traveling great distances.
Yes, yesterday it was a little warmer.
Waiting on the side of the walkway is against the law.
Do you sell postage stamps?
I need a prescription.
About five o'clock.
The reaction to our previous style was good in general.
What about going to Hukouni with me?
Anything you choose is good.
Well, Miss Suzuki, you have a two thirteen plane that leaves tomorrow at three in the evening. Please release your name at a second hour.
Can I get some joke?
Maybe I left it at the front office?
Certainly. All of them are about three pieces? We will reserve it for you.
I can't see the screen from here well.
Sorry, but I want you to keep my passport.
Good . We have reservations for you.
The check, please .
Do you want to have lunch together?
This is very bad. It was very nice to talk to you.
I cannot find the right words.
The big difference is the feeling of emptiness.
Do you have a monthly residence discount?
Is this on the highway or in the city?
There was armed robbery.
Will you stay for three nights as planned?
I am looking for something elegant.
Can you call me later?
I would like to send Telegraph.
When should I pay the account and leave?
Yes, for groups consisting of ten or more individuals, the drink is three dollars.
Here is your ride visa. Please, go to the gate fourteen when he calls on the trip.
One hand was hurt with a piece of glass.
Do not bother me.
It is very good.
I haven't received my belongings yet.
Good . It is difficult to say that. This depends on passing on the highway. You know that traffic is very dense at this time of today.
Can you see how to eat it?
I would like grilled pork.
The gas has run out.
The window is jam.
Can I try the next largest size?
Please fill in this form . Where will we take it after we recover it?
I met you when I visited our office in Tokyo last year.
On what aspect of the Union Square is it?
Do you stop at the Wanny Hotel?
Can you explain to me how to run it?
I have in the fish of Moses and some wrapped loaves.
Can you make a good restaurant for me?
How long does it take?
Half an ounce of Chanel number five please.
Please, run the meter.
I have never seen a vibrant color like this color.
Can I buy some stomach medications?
I didn't ask for that.
Sorry, where can I wash my hand?
What do you think of some coffee?
Hello, I lost the credit card. Please invalidate the old card validity and top me with a new card.
I would like to check my bags.
I want a going and return ticket to "S", please.
What is the price of the room?
Please, follow it. It will wash your hair with shampoo.
Can I get a plastic bag?
I have three bags.
Can I know your name and phone number?
I know that. The taste of Japanese sweets is somewhat different from our sweets.
Can you send the Qatar trucks to a hundred Mento roads?
Do I need a ticket?
This is my family.
Is there a problem moving to another seat?
How long will it take?
certainly . I am going near the post office anyway.
Good . This is very bad. Now, what about this that indicates a simple process? All you have to do is put the film cartridge here and press the door of closure.
Can you arrange me sit together with my wife?
The hot water burned my hand.
I'd like to send a wire .
This is because the decisions are made collectively.
Download these stairs and follow the signal.
Do you have some local beer?
Can you stop here?
If you buy two, how much will you cost you?
Yes . This is amazing .
Where do I find a connection to Grendloald?
A room with a bathroom and a shower.
I am looking for an umbrella.
Please international phone call.
Twenty -eight dollar? What about fifteen dollars?
Do you want some tea?
May God bless you .
I would like a table near the window please.
What is the cost of the service almost?
Do you accept travelers checks here?
How long does it take from here?
Dignity and sugar?
The responsible person is not present now. There will be as soon as he returns.
The key is the eleventeen room.
Are there discounts for participating members?
I would like a simple camera please.
Is this original?
Do you mind tightening my campaigns from behind?
I want you to take an X -ray image.
Do you know another place soon accept the Japanese yen?
Why are these bogser shorts expensive?
Battery is empty. Can I borrow your connection?
Stomach medicine, please.
I received a bottle of juice, but I did not get any rest.
I love folklore music.
Can I see such presented in Al -Fawarina?
Is there a high -speed train at nine thirty?
Let me check the brake and engine liquid. It seems that your car engine has been about to stop.
It was not wrong.
Hi Samaritan Real Estate Company.
Do you have fresh fruits?
I will address the remainder for the night.
Where is the dining room?
About three and a half million yen.
Send it with registered mail, please.
Do you keep some analgesics in his hotel?
Well, can I bathe today?
The other side on the line.
Give me nineteen, five, four, one and the rest.
The Japanese love to perform business in groups.
Let's meet today.
What is the time now in Tokyo?
We must understand it.
I would like to buy Cochina, please.
I am looking for reasonable souvenirs.
Patterie Park, please, but can you stop in Al Ittihad Square? I would like to take my friend from there.
We will bring it back to you soon.
Sorry, I can't. I can only stop at the hotels on that list.
I appreciate that, but.
No electricity.
I will inform the police.
What kind of room do you want?
To the right or the north?
Give me a dollar.
What is the portal number?
Will each of us hold his drinks alone?
Signing, please.
Is this a six berth?
It is a little bit, but I think it will like it.
Anywhere from thirty to fifty dollars per night.
I would like to eat a cup of cold water.
Please, fix this.
Is going to Soho dangerous?
A ticket to Detroit, please.
When it comes to music, nobody can weigh forty-two streets. The theater is crowded at the end of it every day so that no one can get a single ticket. This is a rare case in the history of music as I am guessing.
Can you download my bags, please?
On New Year days. And on special occasions such as marriage parties, awards for awards, or in condolences.
More recovered, please.
I appreciate that, but it is difficult to carry my bags. Would you sympathize and keep it?
We are interested in archeology.
Can you bring me a cup of water?
Call the police .
It is coming.
The length of your shoulder, please.
May I see the program and the price list?
naturally . I will give you our business card.
Do you have any other forms?
The parking portal number seventeen.
The twenty -ninth of April corresponds to the birthday of Emperor Shawa, the father of the current emperor. People celebrate this day under the name of the feast (today) green.
Why not give it a gift?
How much does it cost to send a postcard to Japan by air mail?
Will you take me with the disco?
Yes, it is a memory tower: one of the most famous buildings in the city.
Do you have movies?
Sorry. Is this the right path to the first National Bank?
I would like to use a safety box.
A quarrel began.
Do you provide any special discounts?
I have twenty years of experience in this field.
Which movie you recommend?
I am residing at the Hilton CID hotel. You know, I need this bag, it has all my clothes.
Hack twenty dollars and give me two dollars, please.
You implicitly criticized me.
Take this exit there and turn right, please.
I'm sorry . I asked for the wrong number.
Do you know how to reach it?
The line is busy.
Where is the port of the shaving machine?
I can come in a second hour.
Can I see another?
Where is the ladder?
Good . Do you carry any plants or foods?
Are these the flight bags toured one zero?
She is definitely. Welcome . Let's go to the beach.
This is my first trip to Paris.
Can you appreciate the cost before you start working on it?
Is this in the same direction as with the building?
It looks evacuated.
I am Katsuiko Nakanoma. Are there messages to me?
Anyway, may I book the same trip because there is a place for you.
Is it possible to change my reservation now?
Come, please.
Suzuki name.
My name is Yusuki Tanaka, and I now call the airport.
Is it mature?
Our camping journey should be enjoyable.
When will we take the boat?
I do not mean any harm.
Where is the lobby?
One of my bags was damaged. Where do I go to ask for compensation?
It is very high.
Can you bring our bags to us, please?
We do not have a bag for such a quantity and so I will put it in this large plastic bag.
I would like to play tennis.
There is pineapple, orange and tomato juice.
The left side of this role is next to the elevator.
Please bring me a bottle of beer. And it would be nice if it was a beer with a drawn.
Yes . This reminds me, there is an excellent café close to here that beautiful classic music is played.
I want my car.
What will be shown in the concert hall today?
Certainly. May I have your phone number, may you need it?
no . In fact, due to the high prices, I have to live in the house in the Queens region and it is necessary to travel by train on a two -hour trip.
I think we are. Now, we have only one point for discussion. It is how many months that each party should give to the other as a prior notice in the event of the termination of the contract.
I want two tickets for next Saturday.
More too much.
Is it a romantic novel?
I play for fun and use it in my work as well.
When will he leave the bus heading to Oxford?
I would like United Airlines, please.
I am sorry because I left you waiting, your room number is ninety-nine. Here is the key.
Delicious wine. Is it a local industry?
certainly . Is it in your imagination a specific color?
I feel dizzy.
Where is the rest of the luggage?
What do you think of watching another movie?
May I see your passport and remember you?
I want some bathroom paper?
The Japanese often do not change their jobs.
Please, allow travelers check to money.
I call Ptokio, three seven, six, five, three, two.
Is it possible to get a date tomorrow?
This is an old stone written on old letters.
Which trip will I be independent next time?
It takes off at twenty-five in the morning from San Francisco Airport.
This is your room, sir. Where do I put your bags?
Please, I want to take the same session tomorrow.
Sorry, I think you are sitting in my seat. What is your seat number?
Can you put your bags on the table please?
We consider Washington, DC, the center of global politics.
Good . I will tell her to fill the voids.
The name Okada. We have a reservation at seven o'clock.
I ?
Where do you intend to stay in Los Angeles?
In the metro.
And then, the problem of environmental pollution will also decrease, right?
What is the bus number?
It doesn't matter .
Unfortunately, our engineer, Mr. Akayama, had to leave early to attend another meeting.
Do you have a rental or transfer service?
Maybe I give you a better answer than that after two.
I would like a gift on the occasion of the anniversary.
There is no soap in the bathroom.
Better to be automatic.
Six bills worth ten dollars and eight bills for one dollar, and the rest are four.
Take the bus from the outside.
It is yours.
I want a white bread, please.
Where is the toilet?
What are the musical plays currently shown?
Thank you for what you presented today.
Do you have a public phone?
There will be in a minute.
About a thousand five hundred Australian dollars and fifty thousand yen.
Is there a doctor here?
Is it appropriate to take a journey like that?
Issue number is seventy -nine.
Do you have a mirror?
I want to take the next trip to Boston.
Sorry, but I am your way. Can you help me?
I will take this, please.
This is a uniform price menu, please.
It is also. Please stay here. I will go and bring a taxi.
Please give me chocolate chips.
I am in the early thirties.
I would like to buy lipstick. I would like pink.
This did not cause problems at all.
Wait here until I go back.
Please tell Mr. Thomas that I am staying at the Help Hotel.
Where is the closest used clothing market?
You cannot bring fireworks to Canada.
no . You have to buy a souvenir of that selling machine.
The most wonderful chef.
Do you want any help?
Is this the new course?
Would you book a taxi at six o'clock tomorrow morning, please?
What do you prefer with your main layer.
Sorry, but I feel tired.
I would like to emphasize the price.
If you want an international call from my room, will there be additional fees?
I think so.
I would like to call this number. Can you help me?
Would you tell me about the bus or train heading to the city center?
I would like to have an international call to Japan, please.
Do I need a jacket? What about the neck bond?
I want you to lead to a favor?
It is in the basket near the bread toaster.
I must have anything that contains alcohol.
I am preparing for my entirely enrollment tests.
With cream and sugar, please.
It's cold, right?
Would you advise me some interesting places to walk in this city?
There is a gambling hall in this city.
I am hungry.
Here is your bill. Criticism or credit card?
Do I want whiskey with soda and Brande, please.
What is the value of delivery fees?
Is there boutique close to here?
I can't swim . I need a rescue jacket.
Two of the Hot Dog to walk.
It is necessary to leave.
This place is crowded, right?
I came to get it now.
He went to the right at the forefront.
Well, the year of graduation is your fourth year in the college after the first row and then the second and the third.
I want a private lesson.
Freezing.
Sorry . You will be ready in five minutes.
When can I attend to see him?
Do you have a wine menu?
My feet hurts me.
The best. This, please.
They also have a huge collection of Shakespeare's plays, right?
When will the World Cup will be held?
I am pleased with your presence.
Jarson, please.
I would like to book a boat Oum.
Do you have any ideas about how to style my hair?
Do you have a map for this region?
Have you suffered from pain in the neck while sleeping?
Do you want a small, medium, or large dish of fried foods.
Where are the most vital areas in this charn?
Is there a mailbox close to here?
Yes, there is no problem. Is it possible to see your passport?
Oh, it's kindness. Can I open it?
Ascend to the slope. You will encounter a road of three paradoxes. Then go to the left.
Can I see the detailed statement?
I would like a thirty -six movie, please.
They will tell you about the bus that you should take.
Sure. This road, please.
I will take Linoin's pasta.
Make it a call paid by the recipient.
I rarely speak. However, talking and understanding two different things. For example, I know the word "foreigner", but I cannot tell about the line designated for foreigners.
Well, do you only have one ticket for adults.
Eat one tablet with a cup of water.
How is your family?
Well, you will get one hundred and sixty dollars.
I do not have any money.
Where are the children's books?
There is no phone booth near here.
Well, about fifteen minutes on foot.
Can you take me from Boston station?
Yes, it is here. Who speaks, please?
When should I be at the station?
There are many restaurants close to here.
What is the temperature now?
My pocket was pierced.
Many work and few are walking.
Do you have a place to wash car?
Next to the deposit room.
Put your money to help you.
Please register my name.
What place should I put this?
Would you indicate some of the interesting places that I can visit?
It is pleasure to talk to you.
Hello Carroll Brown speaks. Can I speak to Susan?
Is there a afternoon tour?
First, take the Chu line. What place should I change the trains?
I crossed the station. What do I do?
When will the plane leave?
I am with my friends.
Do you have a room overlooking a great view?
Would you tell me how the way to the post office?
I enjoyed my stay. Thank you .
The beach is down right. What a wonderful view.
I would like a laparoscope.
Please take a picture of the building from the back.
Thank you for waiting, my teacher, McGuer. Hack is. Please go.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
Do you have any image of an identity card?
I think a large box will be somewhat high.
Good evening, I want to apply for your country's entry visa.
It is very loose.
Joy Post? Let's know, this is likely to cost one hundred and eighty dollars.
Seven, please.
I suffer very much.
I want to send this to the sink. When will you be ready?
Hello, I haven't seen you for a long time.
Can I enter?
Upon tourism insurance.
Often Europe.
Is the American highway good?
Did you pay your residence bill in the hotel?
The toilet appears to be blocked.
I would like to deposit this in my account.
I took off the pants.
Does this include meals?
Sit, please.
I will leave on Friday, the twenty -ninth and I will return on Sunday.
What is the time now in Japan?
Interesting.
If you want to serve one day, then host an additional fee of fifty percent to your bill. Is this good?
Yes . The luggage of another person has just been transferred to my room. Please, can you check it?
We will take the three -seats in this row.
Do you have any proposals?
I hear you.
We do not have it in the store, we can request it for you.
Can I see this one, please.
Put it in one of the large bags in the dressing room. Please apply for cleaning regarding the things you want to clean.
Is it possible to separate more?
I am working on TV.
Can I start the trip with this ticket?
Which lasts more?
How much did you pay?
I am lucky to know you.
Did you rest in your sleep?
There is a Mickey Mouse poster on it.
Can I see something else?
This is great.
Would you press the window button?
We want a beach -overlooking room.
Good . I don't know what to say.
Are there any other flights available today? I must be in Los Angeles this evening.
Please?
I would like a lamp.
I don't think this is impossible. We know this is important, and we will be ready to search it once we have your reasonable marketing plan.
At the end of the corridor.
What areas are you in Canada?
The weather is very hot, today let's go to swimming, will we do that?
Large and prominent pores.
I want to fix my watch.
Is there any bus heading to the city after the match?
I would like to add this to my room fees.
No, I did not go to New York.
Would you bring me a spray bottle?
I have difficulty losing my friend's features on the road.
Please, would you give me ten cash papers a value of dollars for this ten.
She left the camera in the room.
I would like to get a cover of the camera?
Would you share a snack?
When does the movie start?
I would like to get some messaging paper.
Lift your hands.
May I get a copy of the police report, please?
I think you should follow a diet. You do not do enough exercises these days, right?
Oh, how much we want it. Thanks for our invitation.
May I put my luggage here?
Far from the neck is a little more.
Can we leave our luggage with you until we go shopping?
Yes, it may rain this afternoon.
You are in the corporate tax laws section.
Will we go on the bus?
Is there also a section for snacks?
Did you say that you will leave to Tokyo tomorrow?
certainly . It is from California and fresh, above all. Since we sell in the ways, it will be a profitable deal if you bought it today. One in dollars and fifty years only.
Let me sleep until the ninth.
Average length, please.
How do you use it?
It is on the right side.
I must move to one zero -airspace. Is this possible?
I would like to dive with a diving coach.
Would you please change my room?
Let me review. What if the departure was forty -seven?
Would you please reach the internal number three zero three.
How are you playing with you these days?
I feel tight in the chest.
Where is the bus station that goes to Santa Monica?
This is a souvenir I will take with me to Japan.
My aunt is a slightly eclipse and eccentric.
Could you please help me ?
I feel pain in my stomach.
Where can I buy a national uniform?
Where is the lost luggage section?
Do you have any shirts?
There is no problem. If you come on the fifth of September, you will be able to enjoy the screening of a scientific movie because we have a special open day on the first Friday of every month.
Do you have any other tourist tour?
Show me a good bar? please .
I will take a beef slice of the waist, and for meat grilled to my wife.
It is severe pain caused by appendicitis accompanied by rupture. You should go to the hospital immediately.
Full coverage, as well.
Good . Five percent discount. Do you agree with you?
And now, what will we promise to dinner today?
I will think about it.
Do you accept tourist checks?
This must belong to you. The taxi driver left him this morning.
I am going to Paris.
Do you have the same type?
It is not the latest model, right?
This is the commercial center just complete.
I can pay three hundred dollars a month.
Its schedule is eight thirty in the evening local time.
Can you pull my car to the next gas station?
I want to cool the affected part with ice pieces.
When is the seats available to you?
No, I will contact him.
I want a car.
Have you had any previous cases of allergies?
There is an infectious to Liberty Island from Patri Park.
Is there a room to leave the coats?
Help me . I cannot move.
No smokers, kindness.
Please write down your permanent address.
We are ready to fulfill any requests you may want immediately.
I will not eat the meal.
I want to buy what I need. Will you pay the value to me?
Are there any major stores near here?
The person in the reception office is very rude.
A less highly highly high hotel is the best if it is in a safe area.
Show this building with us, please.
Good . I want a sultan of medium size, rice balls.
I have two bottles of cognac.
How does this look?
On the first date, the cities of Hiroshima and Nagazaki are holding celebrations to commemorate the anniversary, while on the second date the current emperor attends a prayer for the souls of the dead in the war.
Sorry, what should you write here?
It is on the twelfth floor. The elevator is independent, please.
Would you give me the pharmaceutical recipe for that?
Is there any other option?
Please ask the porter.
I have influenza.
Does it have a bath?
Here he, ah, is at the other end of the town, after "Mile" with several buildings. At the eastern end of the town.
Well, you are all ready. Now your new air flight number is zero zero three you will leave on the seventeenth of June.
I want to pass the tax exemption procedures.
What do you want for lunch, beef, chicken or fish.
My wallet was stolen from me while I was on the subway.
I want to see the one in the display window, please.
Let me read it a number, one, zero, separation, seven, nine, four.
Business class, a non -smoker seat, please.
Does this bus go to the city center?
He no longer resides here.
Do you not have a cheaper room?
It's a good place to eat snacks, right?
Where is the socket to use my electric hair dryer.
My old car is not fine in its operation.
I want some grapes.
Let's call all the persons involved in this agreement immediately.
I am flexible. What would you like to get?
impossible . We are on vacation. I refuse to sit in a hotel room and watch baseball on TV. I want to go to watch a play.
What do you do .
O nurse, bring quickly.
There is no towel.
As long as we can reach an hour early, I do not mind paying a little more.
The surplus decreases.
I asked for a mistake.
I want something that does not make me tired.
Can I touch?
I would like to try something a little smaller.
Oh, how nice of you is to take into account the feelings of others. May I open it immediately?
Where is the bus station?
I can give you a Chevrolet Chef Specterom for forty -two dollars per week, for unlimited distances.
Dry battery for this camera, kindly.
Please, bring me this address.
Can you break this twenty -dollar paper to twenty papers of one dollar?
I need to find a hotel. Where is the information office?
Can you come here to fix it?
I booked seats next to the window.
Room service, please .
Right, you will find one distance towards a tendency forward.
I would like some industrial fibers.
My name is "TARO Tanaka" I have a prior reservation.
I had a reservation from twenty -four August to twenty -seven. Can I change my reservations from twenty -five August to twenty -seven?
Oh, thanks. I do not think that I can. Can I return again?
About five hundred Frank or one hundred US dollars.
I want some of the cleaning cream.
Any other varieties?
Give me some tobacco.
It is the south.
There is a beautiful building.
I would like a long sleeved robe.
Please, record it at the account of a credit card and its number is two eight seven three, nine eight four and the date of its end is Mayo one thousand nine hundred and ninety -five.
I would like a room with great beauty, please.
Please, one white and white film twenty pictures.
I would like to cover a lens please.
My bag has been stolen.
Can you speak a little slowly, please?
Please, I want it to look like Ryan.
Please, I want almost five pounds.
Can you keep my luggage until five o'clock?
Where should I get permission?
We met by chance several times, right?
We conducted a comprehensive survey of customer needs.
Why do not we meet together for lunch tomorrow?
I want some sportswear, please.
Where is the "Hard" office?
I am not able to find my belongings?
The watch is already eight in the evening, so why is it still illuminated outside?
Is there not a place less expensive?
Do you want to cancel the insurance?
Can you keep my luggage until the time of departure?
Sorry, sir! Can you tell me the nearest bank?
On what floor?
Thank you very much.
Can I take another look at the menu?
Where can I get a schedule of trains?
Sorry, would you tell me when the train will leave Boston?
Can you give me a lighter?
They still have signs of illness and face of face.
Since you are residing in New York, you should not miss to see some wonderful areas and monuments, such as the statue of freedom on the island of freedom.
Which do you prefer: sending through the air or by sea?
Have you made a cash exchange for a bill of $ 100?
This is the central garden, right?
I call on the legs.
We can prepare it for you at three in the evening, and if you need to rent some equipment, please come to the club’s headquarters at the third but a quarter.
The bus fare is one hundred and eighty.
I was shocked by a car and fell to the ground.
A breakfast meal has not yet attended, please bring it to me now.
Where can I have breakfast? And when to be prepared?
Yesterday I went to the "Notremam" cathedral, and today I will go to the Louvre Museum.
Do you allow me to pass peppers, please?
Thank you very much for helping me during my trip to the United States of America.
Where is the area of ​​luggage?
Can you keep this luggage up to the fourth?
I want to repair it after returning to Japan.
Do you have several sewing?
How many?
Strawberry, please.
I am from the Netherlands.
A electric lamp has been burned.
The summit of "Fuji" is the highest mountain peak in Japan, with a height of three thousand seven hundred and sixty meters.
No, not yet, there is a lot to choose.
I feel stomach disorder.
I would like an evening cream for the skin.
I am a farmer.
There is only a driver in a bus, without being sold.
I would like this garment.
Sorry, can you get your seat a little?
Wonderful day, right?
It is between the bakery and the island's place.
Hand it, is this all you have?
I understood, please, edit this form first, and tell me about the color, size and contents of your preservative.
Do you have a street map?
Please, send this via marine mail to Japan.
Come here!
Can you shorten the sleeves?
I am afraid that there will be no golf course here.
May I get a mail card?
I took this morning a cold medicine that I had bought from Japan.
Can you see the second ring on the left?
I would like to book a seat.
Do you not ask him to call me?
How long will it take to move from here to the London Tower?
Which gate leads to a twelve -heading plane to Washington?
Can I cook myself?
Please, can you wear the neck associations?
When can I wake up?
Can you open the car box? I would like to put my bag with it.
I tried to make an international call, has this succeeded with you before?
How long does it cost for one hour?
May I have two gift boxes?
I am looking for a non -adhesive cooking frying pan.
What are the contents of this expulsion?
It seems that the baseball match was postponed?
This is a mistake.
Do you have this blue?
I do not know this building, but this is the right way to boycott Owa.
May I buy some from here?
Can you reach me to the Chamber of Professor Mori?
I would like a seat on the "United" flight number nine and twenty heading to New York City.
When is the next offer date?
How much is the cost of my phone calls?
Is a reduced transfer ticket to "Dover"?
It says: It is forbidden to pass.
Do you have another smaller?
Please edit something missing.
Money and camera.
I am from Japan.
Yes, it is, because you can see the flag in front of the post office.
I don't think so, it is better to take a bus.
I will search, I am afraid that I will not find your name.
Sorry, is "Hormouz" Street close to here?
Can you serve me immediately?
I think there is something wrong, can you arrange us in order to be able to stay?
It is a visa and its number: Four zero eight, one, five, one, three, six seven seven zero zero four.
Can you convert these Nijaif into pictures?
Should I bring a coat with me?
Not far, it's a ten -minute march.
You will definitely send them, right?
Which do you prefer more: coffee or tea?
How much may be there?
I would like a phone call using a credit card.
Where should I put these travel belongings?
Is there a swimming bath here?
May I take this circumstance?
Sure, it's "Rock Head", does it like that?
I want what belongs to me to leave.
It takes some time to prepare it, but it is one of our most famous products.
It will take about two or three days.
Can you tell me how I can reach San Francisco?
May I have some other earphones, because this does not work well?
What do you think about drinking some coffee or anything like that?
I am heading to Mexico.
This looks well with only one exception.
I want eggs, please.
Just, a cup of water, please.
Upon arrival, we will pay the price of its shipment to your home address.
These days, use the computer permanently at work.
Continental breakfast, please.
Are there discounts for students?
Oh! OK, I understood, I will come to your place.
I would like a strong electric lamp please.
The number you requested is not present in the service.
What is your chapter?
Oh! Take it by all means, great. Now I am preparing the window.
When will the plane reach Rome?
No, this is enough.
We need more time to decide.
May I take a blanket and a pillow?
Can you come here soon as possible, please?
Coffee, please.
I asked for a small meal for the child.
Look for cards for views that reflect the nature of the Hawaiian Islands.
On the seventy -second street.
If you pass here, you will be far from the corridor.
Can you narrow the center centimeters?
Go, please.
I will examine the next room, perhaps there is someone who speaks English from the Japanese.
I deduct its cost from a credit card please, and its type "MasterCard".
Next, please. Your passport, landing card, customs delivery, please.
Can I go on foot?
I will come back shortly.
Yes, "Teriaama", and I would like my seat to be as soon as possible from the stage, please.
Can you think about what I should tell him?
Is there a nearby bathroom?
I am at the same age.
It was a great evening, thank you.
May I move to another vacant seat? I cannot see the display well through this seat.
A fire alarm has been operated.
I would like to participate in the hiking trip to San Francisco Bay.
Do you have any idea you are going?
Do you not bring some coffee to me?
No, pay the driver.
What are the warehouses' work times?
We want a table in the corner.
I am not sure, but I do not resist the smell of meat, all I ask is some pickles.
Three hundred and fifty dollars? This exceeds my budget.
I think there is an increase that has added an error.
I would like to go to ski for a period of about a week. Do you have any ski offers?
They are playing two symphony for Mozart.
We will continue to search, and when we find it, we will inform you.
Really, the weather is great today.
Please, two adults and two children under twelve years.
Please explain until I am convinced.
I would like a tablet in the form of these cameras, please.
We do not have national holidays linked to religions.
What is the size of the luggage that I can carry?
Do we need to put this to vote? If we do not need this, then I can think that we have reached a conclusion, I will send it to our board of directors tomorrow morning.
However, it does not work.
Please, would you allow me to see this bag?
Wu, my moment. This has not been practiced in Japan yet.
She paid three hundred and twenty dollars in the free market.
Can you reach that pen under the chair?
I will pay on behalf of my friends, too.
Do you know if there are any cheap hotels?
It took me five years until I came here.
What is the value of the Japanese yen against the US dollar?
Would you bring me half a tesro salad?
Is there a cafe or a restaurant in the building?
Oh, the price is very high.
The highway in the sidewalk number eight.
I am in a hurry now.
Damn.
Suzuki speaks.
There is a change in where I put my watch while I was outside.
How long does the road take to the bus?
It is also. We have booked a room in the hotel.
Drainage is blocked by waste.
Yes, I think I have to leave now.
Hi, I am on the way to you, so let us meet within about fifteen minutes.
Good morning . Did you rest in your sleep?
Have you already reserved?
What do you intend to do after completing the school? ?
I stole my bag on the street.
Did you have any other services alongside breakfast this morning?
I will go on a short trip to Mexico.
On what floor is ladies ’clothes?
Would you give me a ticket to change the bus?
Holding ropes.
What is the secret of this very slow service?
Look down there.
Their number is so much that I do not know which one I choose.
How do I make a phone call?
I am interested in jeans and allowance.
We have different sizes.
A bus took me a mistake. Can I get a ticket to change the bus?
I don't know .
How can I take the bus heading to Beverly Hills?
Let us meet in my room.
Do you have any housing property?
What other companies that work well?
Speak and secret.
Are there any buses to watch landmarks?
Please, exclude the sea ear from our request. Its price is very high.
So, I will pay you three hundred dollars the value of tourist checks.
Fils are crying in crying as soon as the news is heard.
Please, I want a cup of white coffee.
I will visit New York, Chicago, New Orleans and Los Angeles.
Where is the pharmacy?
It is also. Is the Sheraton Hotel close to there?
I hope you are not very tired.
Show me the passenger card.
Please, do not pull my feet.
Oh, I am not sure of my consent to this style of thinking.
Hot water only.
This will be good. I allow me to see it, please?
I want some of the Sudanese, please.
You will leave on April twentieth, and you will return on April twenty -first. Is this correct ?
Will US dollars change with British pounds?
Which do you prefer meat or chicken?
I would like to eat Chinese food for dinner.
Would you advise me a good hotel?
I want to rent a car of this model for two days.
O waiters, would you bring the bill for me, please?
We would like to come to us again, please.
I suffer from a slight fever. Do you have something good to treat it?
I will take a picture of Jack Daniels.
I would like a popcorn bag, please.
One ticket for "Bird", please.
truly . They look like fully -growing natural trees. People enjoy its landscape.
I will present you to my family doctor.
I never went to a beautiful place like Boston.
She left something inside the room. Can I return to verify it?
Can I pay tourist checks?
One of the ski sticks fell from me.
I can't believe that smoking is prohibited in the passenger hall. What a problem.
I want to rent a small car.
This room is very cold.
Can I get a slope map?
We do not bring any gifts to the ceremony, and instead the guests attend cash money.
Can you go here to the wardrobe.
I would like to send it by mail.
Would you tell me about a place to change the money?
I will buy it if you reduce the price a little more.
I have put a great deal of salt in it.
You are my angel. Thank you very much .
To fifty dollars?
The dining room is on the first floor and is open at five thirty in the evening.
Sorry, would you tell me how to go to the Fairmont Hotel?
How many milk packages do you buy weekly?
Is this taxi available?
What is the number of international calls calls in America?
Can you explain it again?
What is the bank's work hours?
Can you change the date of my trip from London to Tokyo?
We need another three dollars.
Where, the missing section, please.
We would like to make a unique sport on the western coast.
The plane arrived late due to thick snow.
Just, can I pay the difference from the ticket that I have?
Yes, I am. Why do you ask?
Registered mail, please.
The main food in Japan is rice.
We need to reduce the budget.
Yes, I want a red wine bottle.
Oh, no. It is also. Is this all that you got? It is also.
We want a table close to the window.
To go to the conference.
This room number eleven zero and two. Can you bring me some beer?
Oh, this is beautiful. I will try this.
Yes, of course there are interesting restaurants. Some people eat their food on hand carts, while others eat lunch in the office. Basically, we do not spend a long time for lunch.
Let's move on to the next topic.
The immature food for lunch is likely to be unpleasant.
Please, I gave her some air rotor medications?
I am not able to explain my condition in English.
The check, please ?
For fun only.
Please, can you receive a message?
Did you use the refrigerator?
Can I regain my luggage?
There is blood in Brazi.
Sorry, but I cannot go with you.
I would like to join us, if you don't mind.
Can I help you, Madame?
Yes in the dining room and the place of barbecue.
My name Yukiu Oak, the number one journey, two five heading to Narita on the fourteenth of August.
I would like a memorial gift for my son.
They must really be rich regardless of their appearance. However, they argue with the price.
Sorry, I cannot follow you. Can you speak more slowly, please.
Two dollars for pounds, is it?
Ishiro Suzky. N and z k y.
Is it possible for another person to help you in this matter?
Yes, before leaving, would you tell me about your impressions of Japan?
Sorry . Would you tell me when will my photos be ready?
With me, Marvin Durfel, on the line, do I get it on the phone?
What can I show you?
I gave you a sheet of one hundred dollars.
What do you think of this problem, George? Can you expand the point in front of the chapter?
In this case, you do not have to fill one.
Is it all well that I solve my seat belt?
I am from Colorado. From which areas in Japan are you?
certainly . We were very busy yesterday, but the place was today. When will your plane take off?
Can I take some pictures?
I paid cash at once.
Please call the manager.
Where will we meet?
Speak her second, please.
I would like the paper game.
How much is the telegram tariff to Japan?
From a hundred.
My companion suffered a usurious crisis.
Do you prepare dinner? I am starving. Would you prepare the table?
Would you edit a certificate of theft?
Please put it in this brown paper bag.
I am not able to decide.
It has disturbed me since I came here.
How do I do it?
I lost a wallet and the key of my room on the beach.
HP ATM number to Tokyo on March 11th.
Can I get another dish like this?
Are you here for honeymoon?
Let's leave. Would you put a fork in the bag?
Can we wander over your land?
If something happens, please be in contact with me.
Do you have another one?
Please.
Please, bring breakfast to my room on the seventh of tomorrow morning.
How many times are it repeated?
I would like to send this letter by recorded mail.
I will arrive at thirty minutes. Please postpone my entry.
I want it with a sole and heels, please.
Sorry . Would you guide me to the railway station, please?
Don't you think I will need evidence?
Can I reach the base of the concert at six o'clock?
Sorry, however, we will have to keep it.
I am looking for a shadow for the eyelids.
Do I have to ask for breakfast immediately?
The maintenance factor will be ascending immediately.
Sorry, I will return later.
I already paid when I bought my ticket.
Yes, you can. Hon on you.
When will your sales exempt from fees start?
Sorry for you. I will go up to your room with your company.
It is one dollar that you have to have the right rub.
Your room on the third floor, number of fifty -seven.
There is no ongoing hot water.
I want an English -Japanese dictionary.
Hello, I have a reservation.
Please, show me your belongings.
Bring it quickly. Please I am in a hurry.
But where? Don't you know which shaving salon is close to here?
Check this on the final destination, please.
Change these to cash currencies, please.
I have a cigarette box.
Do I need to announce this?
How do I resign it?
Are cooking books on the second floor as well?
There is a regular boat service from Kobe to the ports that are located in Shikoku and Kyushu.
Please instead of this.
Are there vacant places for the Thursday trip?
Would you please explain this more detailed?
When you dry, remove it from your face.
How long will it take my hair shaving?
I want addresses, please.
I would like to restore my speakers.
Sorry . Would you allow me to pass?
I would like to sit now.
About an hour after take off. We start serving meal while flying.
I have a first -degree reservation on the number one three -year trip coming from Los Angeles to New York on the twenty -fifth of October.
This offer is good for fourteen days, so you can use it until the twenty -third.
It is not literature to make a sound while chewing food.
I poured the soup.
I came to study in a language school.
No, sorry.
How much does the journey to the art museum cost?
You have been slightly burst, is everything well?
Do you have any plants or fruits?
Yes, you can see it clearly, because it is clear today.
Please tell me how to fill the descent card to the land?
Can I book a tennis field here?
Is there a beauty salon here?
Which bus should you take me to the Sky Way Hotel?
Can you then see a major credit card and driver's driving license?
No, I do not have this large amount of money.
I think my car deserves about five thousand dollars.
Yes, I will buy Champagne with food appetizers.
Is there no public phone cabin anywhere here?
Take this after each meal three times a day.
There is a new pizza location near here, which I would like to try.
Can you search for me "Anof Green Gabs" in a folder?
Well, don't be upset. We have a nurse who understands Japanese.
Is this food low calories?
I don't like it.
Mr. Albert helped me great help.
It is industrial silk, so it can be washed.
I was in the cold.
Please, explain with easier words.
Which bus should I take to the station?
I want to change my request, if possible.
Let me ask if one of our other shops has this in the store.
Yes, he is. But you will have to rotate left in the third traffic light and continue in that street until you reach road number sixty -six.
Where can I find a Limousine car?
I would like to free a police report.
Six nights start from the twenty -third of July. Is that suitable?
At what time the tide reaches its peak?
My bags are very heavy. Can you help me?
Can I leave it in Seattle?
I want a water of water to take some medicine, please.
I see another one, please.
May I ask for a pillow?
I want to go to hunting. Is there a good site near here?
To conduct research on American history at Harvard University.
Better not to buy huge things?
Can you bring me some pepper, please?
Beautiful weather, right?
How do I buy tickets for a Broadway view?
Where can I find my belongings?
I am looking for a scarf for my mother. She is sixty years old.
I would be very grateful if you took me to the beach.
I will take six percent of the price.
Do you work here?
I would like to pay to the call.
How do I notify the driver if you want to get off the bus?
Sorry . I called the wrong number. This is Tankiosha, the press agency.
Can I book two rooms for two instead of one double room?
The total price is five and thirty cents.
I turn to Los Angeles. Do you get exactly on time?
I call the audio frequency one two three.
We will pay the account and leave.
May I take a cup of water?
It takes about thirty minutes.
Which way to the office of Mr. Mason?
One hundred dollars in cash with my credit card.
What is the price of each of them?
Currency markets are unstable.
I plan to tour the car around Provence tomorrow.
I want to rent a boat for one day.
It is about forty feet to the bottom.
It appears to be half mature.
I will pay cash, but let me read it, please. For anything these drawings?
Is it a candy.
What ? We have finished Tuna from a meal and now they are preparing a second meal.
I will take at least ninety -nine hours.
Sometimes he makes a short visit to Jirana.
Where is the mirror?
How do I open the hood?
She left something in the room.
I would like a liver sausage, please.
Use the public sales machine.
Hair and shampoo, please.
I want to rent some clubs.
How many hours do we remain before we start?
You were confirmed again.
Please take this to the taxi position.
What is the sum of the percentage of all applicable taxes?
It has been a long time since I saw you.
Book a golf stadium, please.
I will bear some inconvenience.
Please put some bright dyes on my hair.
What kind of music?
Can you give me its connection?
We have a nurse who understands Japanese.
Do you have a medication for nostrils?
Can you take me to the hospital?
No, I have nothing to say.
Hack fifty dollars if it fell in distress.
The main dining room will open at eight o'clock and close at ten.
Can we liberate two checks?
Please give your child this drink, one dose after each meal.
This model is available in twenty -eight sizes, thirty -one and thirty -five centimeters.
How do you feel? I was made in Switzerland and it is a fashion here.
What kind of batteries are used in it?
I want a children's book, please.
I am sorry, but I want to cancel the reservation.
Sorry, it does not like me.
What is there to see it in this part of the city?
Books and brochures.
peace .
Songs two buildings. It is there in the corner.
Where is the popular disco?
This hotel is at the top of the hill with a beautiful view of the city, right?
How much should I spend?
I would like to watch a professional baseball match.
Please, ask me ambulance.
Oh, it looks like a lot.
Well, I must have forgotten it. Thanks for the review.
This is my work card. I am responsible for importing furniture from Japan.
My colleague, Mr. Takimi, suggested that I invite you. It is one of your patients.
I have another association on that day.
How do I return?
I see you on Monday.
Do you have this in green?
I am new here.
I miss my lines.
I am an insurance agent.
What kind of appetizers eat?
certainly .
Some of the inevitable work appeared.
The terms of the contract are clear, but I do not understand the next point.
Yes, some of our rooms overlook a garden, but they are very expensive.
Why, then, it must have fallen from my pocket. I must tell the hotel laboratory of this.
Can I use your phone?
Do you have a discount for weekly residency?
I pushed all my bill.
Its smell is beautiful. How much is it?
I would like to book a tennis court for an hour tomorrow.
I want to reaffirm my trip to Chicago on the seventeenth.
Do you have any tennis racket?
No, we came here last year.
Can you describe the person?
I ate a lot.
Can I speak to Mrs. Brown?
Please let me.
This house seems comfortable to live in it, right?
I don't want it to this price.
Marahi.
Well, I will send our engineer to your room.
I have a sensitivity against the following.
Yes . I did the right thing. May I see your driver's license, please?
I provided great help to us today.
I want to book North West Airlines on the trip number eight six in the fifth.
I am sorry, but I did not hear you clearly. Can you go?
normal .
Can I take your son's name?
My portfolio, passport and other personal belongings.
Do you have any ice cream?
It is strange, but I can speak English better when I am drunk.
I told you you have a fax.
By saying they are the utmost care of their choices, you mean that they always think of an economic way.
What does that look for you?
I tremble.
When do you close?
The wound has become burning.
I want to release it again.
Are you sure that you were not reserved in the name of Suzuki? What about Titsio?
I can't open the door.
Kapuki is one of the Japanese traditional performance arts.
What is the best?
I want to reserve a date for hair waist.
Can you give me a larger room?
Give me a small dog shape, please.
I plan to stay for twelve days.
Can you please keep my bags for two hours?
It is better to find the original Utiter Airlines.
Can I see the table?
Wait a minute. I may have left him in the break room.
Mr. Jiro Yamada? Be sure to reserve this trip, which will leave at thirty -seven minutes in the morning coming from Chicago.
I am looking for a skirt.
What other colors?
What are the best means to enjoy the city?
Four stations.
Get my room, please.
Is there a place for missing and assets at the station?
This is exactly what I would say.
Yes, I think so.
Can I transfer this ticket?
Do you mind making him one year instead of two years?
Your home is large. How many rooms?
Let me think about it, please.
Can I explain this?
Will the hotel send a car to take us?
We enjoyed dinner.
A sandwich of eggs and power to go.
Would you tell me some hotels at a price of less than fifty pounds per night?
Can you prepare a place for me any time on Tuesday morning?
Best seat in the front.
Can you put my luggage in the trunk, please?
Is it an outdoor pool or a closed hall?
Can you tell me the bus number to Santa Monica?
Well, and you?
I would like to cream.
However, if the light does not work, you cannot change it.
I understand, but I can't say it.
I can't find your reservation, but we have a room.
Thirty -six minutes today, but usually in thirty -five minutes.
I want a ink pen, please.
I will decrease twenty percent of the price.
I will search for another taxi.
Is there a mailbox near here?
It's hot, right?
I would like to go to Broadway.
Do you have a map of ski slopes?
Oh, yes, please. I hope they do not get the sea dizziness.
Home management, please.
Good . It is not very bad.
I cannot find the road to the station.
It is two and fifty dollars.
It is at the end of this street.
May I have some joke?
May I use the flash?
Thank you very much . Leave this view as it is.
To Tokyo, please.
In particular, regarding the design of the Mercury project, I cannot decide on it without it.
May I focus my equipment now?
I will buy this slide.
It is the time to show friendliness and share.
I would like some meat.
For your health.
My stroke is wet, so please dry it.
Are these old ships still sailing?
Please join us in eating food.
What is the date of our estimated arrival?
Something entered my left ears.
What time do you think you will log in, sir?
By the way, how do you test the program?
Do you have anything to announce?
I had a bruise.
Are banks open on Saturday?
To what extent the tours are rich in information.
Can you recommend a good store to buy leather bags?
Is this lipstick?
Many American baseball players play in Japan.
I will leave early tomorrow, so I would like to pay now.
Where can I get textbooks?
May I have some honey?
We only offer rings one at a time.
May I use the visa card?
I want to try a traditional dish for this region?
May I serve the rooms?
Can I take an appointment?
Sweet wine, please.
A traffic accident occurred to me.
I started working in this company only two months ago.
When do we meet together?
Tokyo was made to them and said they did not want it.
TV does not work.
A seat is forbidden to smoke, please.
Where can I fill this prescription?
Can I get an artificial local?
I would like to change my session to Shatesu. Is this possible?
Indeed, I am vegetarian. I do not eat meat.
I will eat a tea jug.
Can you take the fastest way? I am late.
I suffer from a rough throat.
We would like to try the fish here.
I wish you a safe trip.
Doesn't you have anything better?
Cook diet with snow, please.
Difficulty in any of our stations for free.
Delicious.
You should go and see Nara and Kyoto. A fire keeps the ancient Japan atmosphere with the old Buddha temples and Xinto shrines. The deer and their children are fun free in their gardens.
Please bring my luggage to my room.
The word "face" has many different meanings in English such as demonstrations, plastic surgery, dignity, surface and others.
Please include some small joke.
Please put your belongings outside the room.
Leave two intersections and turn to the right.
Broken key.
I would like a Japanese-English dictionary.
I spent a good time here. Thanks for everything.
Does this bus go to the center of the town?
Please avoid the following.
The sales numbers have risen continuously since the product entered the market.
Will the tour guide take me from the hotel?
When should I be at the gate?
He is now busy.
What is the fastest? We do not have a lot of time.
truly ? Please give me a minute to sort this.
Is this everything included in the bill?
I would like a dish of various sacs, salad, wine bottle, please. Bring two cups, please.
Hey, I want to lead now. It is my turn.
What is the bus number that goes to the Circus?
This comes with a warranty throughout life.
Can you fix it, please?
I did not get my authority.
Can foreigners get books in the library?
Take the number one bus and go down at the third station.
Can anyone here try artificial breathing?
I don't think this came from Japan.
Bring me a small bottle of iced metal water, please.
Please show me some of the so -called educational games.
I want a belt.
Is it possible to stay in my room until two in the evening?
I will think about it.
I completely support that. Let's go to the canned food store on the other side of the street.
Light eggs.
I am sorry, sir. All rooms are reserved.
The call to Japan has been connected. Come on, please.
Prefer the guide. It should be here.
I have a tumor.
H-ha. Good morning, your role. He is fine.
Are you sure? Please check again.
I would like a movie ASA number for this camera, please.
May I have a Japanese guide?
How much is the bag?
I want to take the journey tomorrow.
Thanks for the wonderful dinner.
Please change the lenses. Can you prepare her while waiting?
A secret forward there, on your right.
Where are Monet's drawings?
I can't keep any food in my stomach.
Can you stand in this place because I want to take some pictures?
To go to Grand Canyon.
Please take an X -ray image.
I am looking for a gift for my mother.
Delicious pizza. Who made it?
Can you book two tickets?
I was attacked.
Smoking table or not?
We call it Jabal B. It is about twenty miles from here.
Do you prefer it with tomato sauce or with mustard sauce?
What is the taste of this dish?
It is on the first floor, the end of this road.
Is there a boy to collect balls?
Ls Vigas?
They are also expensive.
When will the next train leave to Boston?
Does this take MasterCard?
I plan to learn the golf.
Can guests enter the dance hall without paying an additional wage?
Are any of the trips with guides talking to Japanese?
I do not have a copy of my aircraft ticket.
In a separate booklet called "shared background information," in the available group, you will find a more detailed explanation.
How long will it be late?
When do you open and when you are closed?
Can some blankets come to me, please? The atmosphere is very cold in this room.
Welcome . By the way, is there a currency phone near here?
Please give me another drink.
Do you want to explain it to the phone factor?
Can you evaluate it at the window, please?
It is a court here.
I have some washing.
What a skilled passenger of the waves.
Where is the palace?
May I have a menu?
Seat in the front, please.
Please return ten minutes after second.
Well, one of my bags did not appear.
Is there a tour throughout the day?
Can I work at thirty -nine minutes in the morning, please?
How much do you ask to ship?
We want two tickets to San Dego, please.
It is in the range of ninety -nine minutes from here.
I am afraid that the sleeves will be very short.
For every need. I take a beer.
I am from Yokohama, Japan.
Seat next to the window, please. And I want to sit with my daughter.
Can you explain to me how to make a long -distance call?
He was born in a thousand nine hundred and eighty.
Prefer to leave. Seventy -nine dollars, eighty -nine dollars, ninety -nine dollars.
Do you have a jacket with a hood?
Can you show me how to put gas?
No, not my camera.
Does the hotel fee include breakfast?
Is this everything?
TV breaks down.
When is the last bus to Pimliko?
It is at the end of this road.
I have a sea round. May I have some medications.
Another five hours and thirty minutes.
This is a seven -seven room. What kind of cocktail you presented?
He is parallel to this road.
Please do not do this.
Women wear their clothes.
Good . What about this? This half -day trip brings you back here exactly one o'clock.
Is this a washing meal?
Please deliver me to the person responsible for the accounts.
Are tickets available?
Do you have some other decades with unique designs?
Why do we not rotate around these people?
Can you tell me the places that we will visit in the tour?
You should go to the hospital for a general examination.
Can you give me a different room, please?
Where is the nearest music store?
I would like to put my holdings in the trust box.
I think this is my seat.
Lift your hands up.
When does this store closes?
When is the first train to Oxford?
What time does the room service remain available?
Do you have an English newspaper?
A pair of sticks, please.
Best blue, if you have.
You will improve immediately. Don't worry .
fun . I plan to see the landmarks and visit some old friends.
Please start the meter.
What is your diagnosis?
I would like to show my ears.
The cash register is over there .
Why is the train too late?
Do I have to wear a neck bond?
The name and room number?
I have a level type.
We are interested in religion.
No problem at all. Where should we take it.
Me too . We walked a lot today.
I have an idea.
We will charge the battery and clean the windshield of the car.
Her balcony table, please.
Fifty percent of the price discount for the written?
What is the last time to log in?
A little more than the back.
Please make this bridge in the background.
Do you have any good souvenirs?
The rain has changed to rain with snow.
My room is too cold.
We eat breakfast at seven every morning except for the weekend.
I should see a doctor tomorrow morning.
Len a seat belt, please and refrain from smoking until after taking off?
I want to call Japan.
I hope to lose some weight after all this.
I will go to Melbourne.
Do you have any tours with guides who speak Japanese?
The atmosphere is cold this morning.
Sorry, but at what intersection we are now?
I forgot it when I was shopping for about ten minutes.
Can I go in jeans and Barbat shoes?
I would like some bananas?
My shoulder was tight, right?
Hassan, what kind of food do you like?
Is this in order to go?
Is there a bar close to here?
Sorry. Can you tell me where I can take a metro?
How are you . I publish Tanaka.
How much is the additional fare for the fast train?
If they are all exempt from customs, I will take one carton from C.
It depends on the type of tour. A single -day picnic to Yazimite is thirty dollars and is the most common. Ezimite is three hundred and fifty kilometers from here.
What line go to Santa Barbara?
I don't want a tomato sauce.
I will return to you when you are less busy.
Do you have a larger one?
Take everything you want. Just do not shoot.
I feel better.
I want to watch a football match.
Do you have an individual room tonight?
In fact, we have discounts on blouses now.
Can you suggest any good day trips?
My tourist checks in US dollars.
Can you reach me with my friend?
Are you familiar with the geography of Japan?
Where can I buy tickets?
Is the equipment included?
Do we have some bread, please?
Please show me where I am on this map.
One hundred percent cotton.
Let me see. Yes, we have a room available.
Hello, Tanaka. I am glad to be here. Where do you live?
Does someone here can speak English?
Yes . I have to go now. I hope to see you again quickly.
It is thirty -six.
This is the first visit.
Where is the nearest laundry?
Quiet room, please.
I got good degrees last year.
What a wonderful.
I want that displayed in the display window.
Is there a larger size?
I haven't examined yet. But I think I have a high temperature.
What are your complaints?
It started raining snow.
I would like to change a room overlooking the ocean. Are there any additional fees?
This is a seven zero room. Please give me a waking call exactly seven in the morning.
Don't work too hard.
Ou, no. I know it was a mistake. I will return to Japan as a poor man.
Is this the correct train heading to Chicago?
I heard the state of weather forecasts. Snow falls down at some time tomorrow.
How much is the price of a half -day rent?
Can I wait here?
I compose Japanese amateur poems as a hobby.
Is there a safe place to store my bags?
Do you have levels of family discount?
November 10.
Where is a good place to buy souvenirs?
I would like a typewriter tape.
It is a wage system with seniority.
Please lie there.
Can we go to the point of Tikka tomorrow?
There is a weak opportunity to fall snow.
Can you draw a map for me?
It is very delicious.
Automatic craft machines seem very easy, good, what about roulette? You only have to put your signals or money on the number you wagered first.
I bet that there is a larger set of selection in the pharmacy.
When will we take off?
How did you know the driver when did you want to go down?
It is very expensive for me. Show me one cheaper, please.
This is the international phone telephone service operator.
Study English.
This car goes to Paris, right?
Please deposit five and twenty -five cents for the next three minutes.
I would like a camera, please.
How high is the diving platform?
Will you rent a golf cart?
Please distribute landing cards.
Twenty -four dollars. Do you want more?
I worked in Tokyo a month ago.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Can I take a date today?
It is a little tight around the stomach.
How can I go to the city center?
It is just as you say.
I hadn't eaten a meal before. I would like to take it now.
Good morning . How many?
I don't have a lot.
Do I go down here for the Rockefeller Center?
Good. I see you in the neighborhood.
Can I pull three hundred dollars with a visa card?
How do you like the whiskey cup?
Can I take care of it?
I have a period.
You have to spend your tourist checks in the bank.
Please bring my luggage to the room.
I haven't reserved a seat for my return trip yet.
Which of these is the latest color?
Please priest my shoes.
How long does it take to go to Vladelphia?
All landmarks of San Francisco will be visited during a four -miles tour.
It's great.
Can I stay here to see it?
Will you set an appointment to go out with me?
Are there any seats for this evening?
Please clean this coat.
I would like to rent a boat with a motor.
I broke my glasses.
Your shoes do not walk with the color of your dress.
Rose it here, please.
This is an automatic one. We have this type of quartz watch, sir. It is against water and against shocks.
Just decoration, please.
When is the next train to Oxford?
Breakfast? I would like to book it.
Can I call France directly from here?
How many days are this suitable?
I want to change my reservations.
Can you bring a taxi for us?
Where is the woman’s section?
What about hamburger experience?
Is everything well?
Is there a limousine for the ABC hotel?
What time will the car return on Friday?
Coffee is not calculated.
Any line for Madison Square?
I will return to contact you later.
Sorry, I did not understand what I said.
Kg in dollars.
Can I take it on a candle?
I don't know how to use the phone, please show me.
In what field was before?
My destination London.
Ou, I am afraid that time is not enough.
Which bus should I take?
the curse . the curse . the curse . the curse . She has grown up on her face.
I would like some cleaning cream.
Welcome again and welcome with the best forty American songs.
Which is the best event?
Should I pay the additional drawing when I enter a building?
How long does it take before the buds open to flowers?
Hello, your partner on the line. Come on, please.
I would like to talk to Professor Nomoto, in the room five zero.
So you will be interested to see the theater from the inside. It is Tatro Alacala.
The shaded column shows the sales numbers of our company last year.
I hope you can visit the beautiful tourist places in the United States in the near future.
Westminster Abe.
My companion suffers from a high temperature.
My wound hurts me.
It is on the seventh floor. Take the elevator at the end of the lobby.
I will wait for you.
I put a nicker, book, and camera in my bag.
Usually enter the bed about ten, and sleep directly.
Where is the station?
It was long and has blond hair.
Civilization flourished with activities such as the Kapuki plays, the drawings of Yokio, literature and porcelain art became popular.
Is there a Dunhail store close to here?
One hundred and twenty million people in an area of ​​three hundred and eighty thousand square kilometers?
Going and return to Miami, please.
Can you tell me where the nearest bank?
I would like a ticket to an adult, please.
My name is Watanabi Guru.
How much does it cost to send the letter, then?
Pepper, please.
Can you bring me the bill?
Well, the dentist to which I go is very good.
The light does not work.
I want something to cough.
I have chills.
Well, this is your room.
Three days.
Cross the bridge from there, and you will find the library on your left hand.
How much time remains until the next train reaches?
Can I take a medicine?
Give me your signature here, please?
Is there no cafeteria close to here?
The number is five six seven eight one, three four.
Please, sir, we might fall at any moment. Would you take your seat.
Yokohama is close to Tokyo.
I would like a candidate, please.
What can I do?
Is anyone talking to Japanese in the store?
Who at the end of this line?
May I have an indicative map, please?
I don't hear you well.
About an hour was delayed. The hour will take off seventeen and ten.
The number is one three four five six seven eight.
Water will not heat enough.
In Hokkaido, you cannot play a hollow for about six months because its climate is cold.
Will you sell them separate?
I would like to leave an early day.
Please help me find a guide speaking Japanese.
It starts from the ninth.
You are lucky. All stores have a reduction at the present time. You can buy a discount.
A moment. I will bring a pen.
I don't want a huge one.
There will be a simple delay.
Ou, I don't know. What about McDonald's? We have those in Japan, but.
I would like to repeat this. This is the receipt.
Is there a bus that leaves this evening?
How can I go to the museum?
Sorry . I have completed the approximate flight schedule.
Mr. Godman will be truly fascinated by it.
Yes . I think I will take eggs, sausage, roasted bread and fresh fruit.
What are the differences between these hotels?
The rent is due on the last day every month.
This is not the right size.
Pakistani trip number seven zero eight on September 5.
There is something wrong with a bath.
What are the local products for this region?
I missed my station.
My luggage has not yet appeared. Can you inquire about what happened to her, please?
You look exciting on the phone.
It is the Canon camera with a single single lens.
What is the name of the castle?
It was great. Thanks .
Is there a bus from the airport for the city?
Can you tell me the name again?
I will be about six in the evening.
So go down the next station and take the bus to the Hyde Park.
I am sorry, we do not offer this. You can buy it from the pharmacy in the first round.
I would like a seat next to the corridor, please.
Do you have anything for a little longer?
What do you want to drink?
I would like to request the same request.
Where is Barnes and Nobels?
very . Especially since I slept during dinner last night. By the way, can you tell me how to go to the British Museum?
Please ask the number nine on this phone.
When does the store closes?
My journey was late, and I lost the delivery journey.
The completion date of the nineteenth March ninety -nine.
Can you cancel the seats reservation for me?
I would have some french fries chips.
I will go there too.
Very interesting.
I would like a bathroom room.
May I be less?
How was it?
I don't know, sir. Speak English? Speak English? to talk .
I hope you are beautiful.
The line is busy.
Yes, sir. Completely eleven.
Can I take a date for Friday?
I have to make a call. Is this possible?
No, I am not smoking. A car non -smoker, please.
Are beginners not good?
I need them today.
I would like to hire your car at least a week.
This dress does not suit me.
Can you tell me where is my seat?
Are there any good casinos?
Which plane arrives early in New York City?
Where did you leave it?
These are the pens of ink pens. One hundred dollars.
Please change this French currency with money.
Where is the woman’s section?
There is no place to put my stage.
Be free to use cosmetics before you leave.
Don't worry . It is not far from the town.
Prefer your sheep.
So good, why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?
He gave me an offer.
Is this half -day journey offering the Speaking service in Japanese?
Where can I ride the boat?
How much does it cost a day?
Yes, we did. This is our choice.
Good, you can take Gray Line Air Shetel or The Carrie Aerert Express.
My friend is injured.
If you make it a little less, I will buy it.
Looks in good health.
Will this store open tomorrow?
Where is the aquarium?
I would like to stay here for two days.
Yes, I am looking for a gift for my sister.
Please clean these clothes.
Where can I buy a Japanese newspaper?
What is the main problem in this ocean?
Can I float here?
What about the summit? Did some of the summit decrease?
Yes, is this what you left behind?
Yes . You can see movies on HPO, free.
How can I go to Hollywood?
I will take a room for a room for fifteen dollars.
I am sure I worked as a reservation.
Do you have a laundry service?
I think my feet were broken.
It is the length of the way to the end of the lobby.
Can you trim my mustache?
This comes with a salad dish and a choice between grilled or fried potatoes.
You are speaking as a poet, Mr. Eta.
Are there features to see here?
Is there a train sleeping vehicle?
fact ? I hope you don't leave Donni.
Let's eat abroad together.
How much is it for two days?
Where can I buy a jug?
I am going to Memphis.
From which berth will leave the train heading to New York?
I would like to do a reservation to Rome.
My masters, Captain George Cohen and his crew welcoming you on the Yunite Airlines flight eight zero zero heading to New York. If you need something during the trip, you only have to ask and we will be pleased with help.
Green.
It is preferable to call the "missing and things that were found."
May I have your phone number, please ?
Can you see if another trip is available?
no . We will be here for three days, then we will go to New York and New Orleans.
I have a permit for Uril and a Russian visa.
May I speak to Mrs. Caroy Watanabi in the room eight?
Do you have other drinks?
This dress is linen.
Sorry. I have a headache. Do you have any medications?
Please put a roll of the movie in this camera.
Secondary students in American schools do not have to study hard.
I would like to take this with me.
Understood . This is royal. I belong to the interior design center.
Which bus do you ride to Hyde Park?
This flavor beer.
I cannot sell this without a prescription.
Yes, you are.
We would like to be on the same table.
Can I book five seats in the same row.
There is not enough bathroom fabric.
I think this may not be true. Can you check it?
Can you lend me the diameter rope, please?
He will return next week.
My mother died.
I would like some Portuguese wine.
Take me to a hospital.
What a sky.
Do you have this bright color?
I would like a pen.
May I have some lemon for tea, please?
Can I take a receipt, please?
It is nice to see you, too. Is this your first time in America?
Can this high -leg shoe change with another smaller?
Does anyone sit here?
My luggage three kilograms is heavier than necessary.
Which car with better performance?
I think it's too precious. Do you not have a more reasonable price?
I will leave early in the morning tomorrow.
Do you sell goods exempt from customs on board?
Who is the film's director?
Summer here is not bad?
I want to buy this.
Follow the brand that says a taxi.
Yes, you are completely in the middle of Vivath Avenue. Where do you want to go?
You will not take a opponent no matter how you try.
Why did you do that?
I also stole.
I am afraid that we do not present it. But I am sure you will enjoy our own diet.
Would you open this bag, please? What is here.
Thirty -seven minutes.
Good. Now at eleven in the evening, so I returned my watch back to ten owner, right?
I want to make a long -distance call to the Hilton Hotel in Boston.
Hassan, the recentton may be good.
It takes about an hour and a half.
May I have another cup of water?
Let me see this.
Where is the exchange company?
Please wait. I will ask Mr. Emay if he will take the call.
Can we get you there in ten minutes?
This curry is hot.
Do women accept this?
I have a problem with the bag that I bought yesterday.
Do you have any allergies for medicines?
Yes, we have black and brown.
I would like to watch a football football match. Where do I buy a ticket ?
Be careful, the ceiling is low.
Sorry? I did not follow you. Can you speak more slowly so that I can understand you?
Five of twenty category, ten category ten, and the rest is one dollar category, please.
How can I go to the Columbus fountain?
Please give me something good for my lips. They were caused by the cold winds.
I can't see the screen well from here, can I switch the seats for some time?
Are there any local majors?
Do not be afraid. This dog will not bite you.
Yes, and dolphins are very beautiful.
How many times do you work?
The berries are my sacrifice.
Where are the rescue jackets?
A secret in this straight direction for a distance of four squares. And turn left when indicating.
Can you send this to Japan?
I left my wallet in your store.
How do you like this?
Is there a trip to Sydney?
Can I continue my journey tomorrow?
Is this the area of ​​claiming luggage from British Airlines one three?
I will leave at seven in the morning tomorrow.
We will have to meet together again.
I visited the big lakes for the first time.
Yes, I will take whiskey and soda with appetizers.
Please launch an emergency warning.
certainly . Let me put this luggage box? Where are you going?
What is the distinctive dish in this restaurant?
Sorry, I am forbidden to enter.
Do you have anything in a more modern model?
Where can I buy symbolic currencies?
Will you turn a check in the US dollar into the French franc?
Let's meet tomorrow.
Why do not we do all of these things together?
Can I divide when the sea is raging?
There is something wrong with this ventilation machine.
Please continue until customs there. Happy stay.
Show me new models, please.
Do you have a medical thermometer?
The shoe is very narrow.
On the ninth of last month.
Well, three category twenty, three category ten, and two five category.
I would like to try some Japanese food. Cook some for me.
I need ok.
Can I move to this complex?
Yes, we have a lot of fun.
What about a day party?
I am looking for my belongings.
My plans have changed. I would like to stay three nights instead of two nights.
Oh, thanks. My house, would you come, please?
How many political parties?
Your car may be alongside the road.
How long has it been spent so far in the United Kingdom?
Is there any mail for me?
The sub -number is three seven, please.
Can I continue to travel?
Please exercise more caution in the future.
It is likely that a lover of artistic creativity like you will enjoy unconventional oil paintings and street shows.
Halo, I want to contact Tokyo.
Yes, but would you leave light luggage on the shelf over your head?
This is green tea.
Do you have a ticket?
I would like lemon juice, please.
Do you accept Japanese money?
My companion was crossing the street at the green light.
Do you have a dark blue color?
Can you help me with luggage?
Uh, thank you, Miss Stase. Indeed, this plum dessert has prepared itself.
How many residence nights?
We want coffee after dinner, please.
They eagerly get out of the latest fashion on TV and magazines.
How time?
I'll get a hot dog and Cola.
Ask a doctor quickly, please.
I would like a book for children.
This is the official of the external connection.
Where is the British Airlines link office?
What do they eat at the adjacent table?
I'd like a double room .
Can you tell me where can I find canned vegetables?
Do you have a weekly hour menu.
A strange person offered to take a picture of me, and I gave him my camera. Then he took it and took place.
Oh. Finally we got to New York. Now we have to take the metro until we reach the village. Do we not need to buy a metro map?
You can see a white building, right? It is in front of that building.
How can I go to the AhbC Center?
Do you have Dom Perinon's wine?
Which road leads to Grass Hotel?
Please take two tablets after each meal.
Would you talk slowly?
How long?
Would you open your bag?
Room service, please . The room number is ten fifteen.
Sex on the beach for the two girls there.
I would like a seat near the stadium on the first base line, please.
I have nothing to announce.
What is the price ?
A little more coffee, please.
Do we have time to see the exhibition from the inside?
Where is the smooth goods store?
All seats have already reserved, but you can get a ticket to watch the match if you want to stand.
Please prepare a theft record.
Do you think I can try to paint my nails myself?
Good . Help yourself .
Please tell me the place of contact with you.
Look, it's huge, right? I will bring a bag to carry the rest of the food later.
Do you have a newspaper?
I would like a bus road map.
I really love movies to make me cry.
Do you have anything wider?
Is there a place to sell canned foods near here?
Please send this by air mail.
The director of the hotel, Mr. Hilton, gave me his name.
Can you make it thirty pounds?
Tell me when I should go back here.
From six in the morning until ten in the morning.
Two Hamburger.
Please show me one cheaper.
Darker color, please.
Where do you call?
I was responsible for individuals for some time and so I am especially interested in talking to people.
We have to wait all this long time? Thank you anyway.
Will the train leave on the specified date?
Can you fill the form?
I want to discharge in a shallow location with good lighting.
Oh, this is very bad. Maybe another time then.
Do you have any Japanese brochures? I would like a booklet, please.
What ? Do you have to pay taxes when you have more than three alcohol bottles?
It has not come to me yet.
May I take another one?
My friend is very sick. Can you ask a doctor, please?
It will be great if they knew all this about Japan.
About three hundred pounds, please.
Are there any rounds that include a visit to the Disco pub?
I want Hamburger, fried potatoes and lemon juice.
Lift your hands up.
It is very beautiful.
Thank you very much . I wish you a happy trip.
What is the price of the tour?
What is the cost if the car is left?
I have broken my leg .
I would like a hair clip.
Now, I will open your pores with porn.
Sorry, can I enter here? I saw my bag.
Can I get a ballet ticket here?
I don't know much about wine? What suit this dish?
We cannot sell anything without its brilliance.
Have you asked for your child?
Can you call me early in the morning, please?
I am looking for a souvenir for a friend of mine.
On her way, sir.
I would like to hide the cut pictures.
Criticism or card?
I want to take a bus to visit the tourist attractions.
I want to rent two bikes, please.
How much is the cost of this expulsion by air?
There is a gas station after two squares from here.
Where will I find the puzzle department?
I want to sit next to my friend.
Please give me this. What do you call it?
The Japanese do not take long leave.
Where does this road perform?
When did you get sick?
I can't buy a precious one like this.
A secret in the straight direction in this street is about three hundred meters.
I feel like there is a staring at. Is it rare to see a Japanese person?
Of course not. Why do you say?
Which road leads to the central post office?
No, I all did it myself. It is one of my hobbies. I just like the orchards.
Thus, I will pay for it in dollars and yen.
Where is the Grayaund bus station in this town?
I would like a laxative for the intestine.
This hanging cart will take you to the hotel.
Please send this recorder. How much is the total cost?
Press nine external line, then press eight for Japan, three for Tokyo, then the phone number.
Are not Japanese restaurants in Kyoto Ghalia, though?
Sorry. I will put my luggage away immediately.
Can I return it to another city?
How much distance from here to the hotel?
I will stay three nights.
Raise your hand. Shut up and give me your money.
I think this is a little high for me.
We have a double room with a bathroom with five and eighty dollars.
We offer sandwiches and drinks from eleven in the evening until six in the morning.
I will leave an early night.
Goodbye and call me tomorrow.
Can you cancel my reservation?
You suffer from a severe state of fatigue.
Where to replace the trains?
I would like the book price.
I would like two scrambled eggs with pork, fried potatoes, roasted bread and coffee.
Yes, please. Is this a movie made by Japan?
I have not seen it for a long time.
The weather is colder than the usual this year, but it is not cold enough to fall snow.
What will happen if it is not found?
Where can I buy a metro ticket?
We may have a table available at about nine o'clock.
Two residential squares, then the first left?
What . You mean that the Japanese eat these things?
Where can I get knives and thorns?
Oh, you are right. This is really good. I will be sure and return again tomorrow.
I will take business class seats, right?
I would like a colored shampoo.
This is it . The actor is really great
certainly . I will bring it immediately.
at present . Can you give me some money so that I can buy some necessary things.
How long will she work?
How many taxis from this hotel to the station?
I want to send this to Japan in the fastest way.
Well, yes and no.
What kinds of toys keep as a memorial from England?
May I have this and this, please?
I would like a trips basket.
Kyusho is a large island in southern Japan.
Forty Street.
I'm sorry . Again, please.
What is the service fee?
I would like some fruit juice.
I came to see a Japanese friend.
great .
What is your job?
I want a seat in front of me.
What is the type of pain?
I am sorry, I made a mistake. What kind of squash you love?
They say Japan is a very rich country.
I want to take a tour where I can learn to make orchards.
Do you want to drink a drink before dinner?
Are there any rooms empty in the sleep vehicle?
I would like a shampoo and a hair dryer.
Does this train stop in Bath?
What is the procedure for examining this item?
Can you cut it up to twenty dollars, please?
Please stop and wait for an Waterloo bridge photo.
I have a room with two individual beds.
This is a gift for a friend .
I broke this when I took it out of the box.
A reserved seat, please.
Can I see the room?
We expect some rain tonight.
I would like hot milk, please.
I would like a camera bulb.
I am sorry, but I did not drink anything. Please correct my account.
Please eat with this sauce.
Do you want to take out BA, Bi C.
Can I take a tour now?
Where is the music hall?
Snow makes the road slippery.
Congratulations on the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of your wedding.
I cannot find my camera.
Anything that suffers to sprain?
I will prepare a sandwich from pork.
I want a hundred dollars, please.
I love the landscape.
The blue color is very common this year.
In winter we have snowfall in the northern part of Japan and in mountainous areas.
Sorry. I can't find my camera.
Can you please see if you have entered?
Do you have anything else within the limits of eighty dollars?
I feel some concern if I can dive well.
Let me take the balls.
Yes, I want to rent a car.
Sorry, but is the seat reserved?
This will benefit.
What do you do ?
Do you have anything to announce?
Have you seen a blue coat? I put it on this chair.
We moved so quickly that we could not take pictures.
Well, I will do.
I hope to get a teaching job or I seek a master’s degree in psychology.
I am looking for a light cream. My skin is very oily.
I enjoyed talking to you.
Can you bring me a Japanese magazine?
Salad, please.
Do you have a full day tour?
Do you have a luke?
International call to Japan.
No, please bring it in thirty minutes.
Are the buses cheap?
Yes, I will make sure he gets this.
Thirty and thirty Street.
Good . Do we have two remembrances?
What is the time to board the second plane for Paris?
Please put your luggage under this seat.
There is a flower store on the road.
What is the purpose of your journey?
I would like a chocolate template.
Do you have any fruit juice?
There is a mistake in the flash bulb.
I am from Tokyo.
I would like some wash to remove Revlon cream.
I have some clothes for the sink.
I would like to reserve a double room from tomorrow to Monday.
Rapuing for my hair, please.
Does this include service fees?
Great, I would like to come.
Can I complete my journey?
Show me one cheaper please.
This is very expensive, show me something cheaper.
Yes . Breast bottle, please.
I think our time runs out.
Can you check it again?
Come on faster.
I have requested it a long time ago.
I'd like to change my reservation .
Yes, there is one in that hotel.
Please leave.
Where should I change the train to go to San Diego?
It was a generosity from you to come and you are very busy.
I have no knowledge of this snake skin.
I understand, prefer to sit.
A heart attack occurred to my grandfather last night.
Well, can you give me history and flight number?
May I have another fork?
When does the show end?
What time can we have dinner?
I am afraid that what you ask is very much.
The weather is volatile. Please tie your seats belts.
I used to do so. I still do so from time to time to keep my skill.
Who is this lady?
My part is Tokyo.
Please, can you send a gate to my room at six in the morning?
Yes, I am a tourist.
We will have to deliver you through another city.
May I get off on our way?
The first time was from mid -October.
Where can I have leather bags?
I have a sensitivity against pollen.
I want fish and slices, please.
Do you have a flight to Tokyo on Friday?
I will take hot chocolate.
We can arrange to clean your rooms.
No, I saw no one around me.
Lark cigarette box, please.
I need a police report to inspire me. When will it be released?
A small car, please. What is the value of daily rent?
Absolutely, even the young child will not have a problem answering him.
Yes, that is good.
Do you want me to do this again?
He is the last person to lie.
This is for you. Can you accept it?
May I see the wine list please?
What kind of work?
Hello. I am sorry that he is now at a meeting.
I would like to go to the museum. Which buses should be independent?
Well, I will take two please.
Thanks for taking with you.
I want a doctor quickly.
Please.
Sorry. I would like to go to the Bronx Zoo What is the best way to go there?
How much is the cost to go to C.
We will tell you as soon as we find it.
Do you know which disco hall can girls go safely?
What is allowed for luggage on this trip?
Prefer, it's free.
on monday .
The passport and the customs announcement form please, is there anything to show it?
Is there something you want to see?
Please let them out of your room tomorrow morning.
Wait in front of the information office, please.
I want a radio watch please.
It is far from home.
About a month, sir.
Is there a car washing?
There is an enemy in the right front door.
Do they serve meals?
May I pay the German blessing too?
What is the minimum age of voting in Japan?
Can I have a multi -use ticket?
It is a pure wool?
Is it possible to call you later?
I would like to book a table for two at seven o'clock, please.
When does it open and when to close?
I would like some night cream.
Can you cover this as a gift?
no . Thank you, I can't. In fact, I am associated with someone.
Which station should I change in order to go to Soho?
I want to take a strong cold medicine that I have.
Is the uniform official?
It is the third and a quarter.
Can you make it for Berodawi by seven o'clock?
Are there seats for this night?
What does that mean?
The permitted is twenty kilograms of the economy -class traveler.
I would like to pay my bill.
I will plan to send my daily needs bills, so please tell me the address and the name of the responsible person, please.
Next time during my visit, I will definitely return. So can I get a discount?
Can you ask for me, please?
Well, he is preparing for the college enrollment exams.
It is difficult for us to speak English fluently.
Yes, the day of the anniversary of the atomic bomb and the memory of the end of the war.
They should not watch violent TV shows.
What is the latest and most popular movie?
Was it a year already? The time really passes quickly. Of course, I will come. Just tell me the time and place.
Do you have the same design with higher heels?
I would like a ten -year -old jacket.
Are there open restaurants now?
May I sit anywhere I want?
I am sorry to bother you.
I am afraid that I would have forgotten. I think I gave you twenty.
I look forward to seeing you.
Take me to the Abai Road, please.
That's all I want.
Can you send someone here immediately?
Please bring me breakfast.
She made her an unforgettable journey.
Can you give me an appreciation of the cost?
Thanks . Hi, thank you for waiting for you.
Yes . But they are somewhat checked.
I will take your best seat, please.
I am sure I have a reservation.
Please.
I have been included in the receipt.
To the hotel, please.
Tokyo Safar, three three two nine, one five eight, three five, Professor Harada.
A French dress, please.
Please take me to "A" airport.
I will send it to you, so please wait here.
We are here for a day.
I want some soap.
We want to play tennis. Are there public stadiums here?
I feel a light headache.
Please show me some children's clothes.
Can you recommend a good restaurant close to here?
It is a wide and black bag.
I must have contacted the wrong number.
For three. And your name, please.
When do you think it will improve?
It is strange to meet you here.
I am here on the summer vacation.
I would like to buy some souvenirs for my friends.
I enjoyed the meal very much.
Can I take these now?
How do you turn ventilation?
Can I sit next to you?
What kind of food is in line with it?
I haven't known my address yet. But I plan to stay at a hotel in San Francisco.
I can't sleep because of the loud baby behind me. Can you say something please?
In most cases, you will be in great affection.
I am hurting me.
no . Just turn left. There is at the truck. there . This small road went up there. Come, stop here.
Go down at Victoria Station and board the line heading from east to west.
It is torn. Please deduct it more.
How long does it take to Japan?
No, please sit and wait. I will come back shortly.
Where did the cars change?
I have an allergy to aspirin.
Can I help you search for a specific thing?
May I see the car?
Let's meet in the restaurant.
You have three times what I have from the books.
Its length is about one hundred and seventy centimeters.
Can you draw a map, please?
I would like to drink beer in such hot weather.
May I have breakfast now?
Here is my international leadership license.
I would like some hand cream.
Can you register your address here?
Sorry, I have carried out tickets tonight. However, we still have some tickets for tomorrow night.
Is this wine cup washing machine safe?
Are they very strong?
Ah, born.
I lost an earring almost somewhere here.
I transfer to the Delta Airlines flight number one and five.
I think I touched some toxic coral.
Do you have boxes?
Well, sir. Please stay in your room until the doctor attends.
I left my bag here, and now I went.
I want some lettuce.
certainly . What time do you want to book? How many people?
You are supposed to abide by the left.
What do you know about it?
Now, what exit is the Garnegie Hall?
It was stolen in the beach and Imanalo. Please come immediately.
What about a hundred dollars?
Is there anything wrong with using tennis courts?
I want this packed.
I would like to invite you to lunch.
May I pay on the table?
Where did you see the last time?
Give me a tube tool, please.
I left my watch on the train.
Yes, sir. Wait a moment, please. Help yourself .
Didn't it come yet?
When should I leave from here for the twelve o'clock flight?
The weather is hot this morning, right?
Yes, I can tell. I cannot understand anything of what people say about us.
Send me an ambulance, please.
Are there famous scenes?
I want to apply for a new version.
Can you see me where I am on this map, please?
Yes . But I do not like sweet from her.
The government has supported the development of industries.
Well, let me see. It is more than my budget.
What kinds of food will we eat for lunch today?
I think he is more than fifty years old.
TV there is a remote control device.
I am sorry, but I am afraid that you will have to keep it yourself.
Continue the straight direction until you reach Hop Street.
I want to buy this.
Here is the key and this is the contract.
May I move to the place of smoking?
Can you send a taxi to twenty -three Brown Street?
We did not ask for this.
A cup of champagne, please.
Well, it takes fifteen minutes from here on foot.
Another cup, please.
What is the minimum age to do so?
I want to book some rooms.
Do you have any simple maps for the city?
What about a nice bracelet you want with him?
What path does cosmetics have?
Can you bring me the export department please?
Sorry, my change is little. Can you check again?
If it is possible, I wouldn't take off the Sunnah.
Who stands on the hill for the Cincinnati Reds team?
One coffee with small milk, please.
Statistics is one ball and two strikes.
The Club Soptrobkana is good. It remains open until two in the morning. The employees will ask you for a taxi when you prepare to leave.
Japanese teenagers are interested in fashion.
I will not use the flash.
Can you check the wheels?
I started taking lessons. It is very difficult.
Where is the shelter gateway to Japan Airlines, a four -two flight?
When will the train reach San Diego, please?
I used to smoke every day.
I installed the wrong train.
May I have some aerial deals?
How much do you want to pay for this?
I do not want it too long.
When will your plane go to San Francisco?
I cannot find this director.
I want fifty grams of these meat slices, please.
Have you got a return ticket to Japan?
Can you tell me how he made a phone call?
I want another color, please.
The one who runs behind two rabbits will not hold any.
I agree with your idea, provided that the factory completion date is guaranteed.
Can you bring a ticket to me, please?
Say it slowly.
This is not clean.
Oh, look at your box.
I would like to book the Golf match game tomorrow morning.
Go for yourself to the cake. It is made at home.
Will you search inside this bag as well?
I would like some shampoo.
correct . In our language, the word "Sakana", which means fish, comes from the combination of "Saka", or "Na", the fish as a special food that you eat when you drink the sake.
Fast train, please.
Can you get me to the hotel?
It will be held on the twenty -third Friday.
How long have you have this headache?
I would like a front seat.
I don't know how to fill this form.
I think you should try it with a lighter color.
On what floor is the women's shoe section?
Under the seat in front of you.
Until late, the store remains open?
You don't need to thank me.
I live at the Hilton Hotel.
I feel bad and nauseous.
This is more than I expected to pay.
I would like to set the date to be at five o'clock this evening.
Is there a barber salon in the hotel?
What time do you accept washing tomorrow morning?
It is ruby. We have only one brooch of this type and it is one of my favorite jewelry. Would you try to wear it?
Tell me about the drawings later, please.
Where is it shown?
But I have an appointment to see it at the second hour.
I am here to log in.
Please narrow the pants ’stems a little and make it without folds.
I would like to see some of your great collections here.
I did not eat this.
Does this car go to Edinburgh?
Harry, is there anything I can do?
In the third.
Yes, please fill this form.
Can you iron these pants, please?
The zoo is three buildings.
Is it pure wool?
What is the amount of fees for excess weight?
What is this ?
I am very pleased that we were able to discuss all important issues and that we have found solutions. I am very grateful for your generous cooperation.
I want evidence.
Which hospital will be transferred to it?
If you give me a opponent, I will buy this, too.
My name is Kimura. I would like to cancel my reservation on Friday.
Enjoy your meal.
Where can I buy a piston match ticket?
Oh, sorry. There were problems as we solve them, do you prefer waiting for thirty minutes?
Sorry. How can I reach the bank from here?
Can I see some ID cards?
Please show me how to use the phone.
Look at this. It is a huge store. I hope you have brought a lot of money.
I would like a seat in the theater cabin.
I like it. I will take it.
Where are the city walls?
I had returned .
I want something more intense, please.
There is no soap .
What then?
To San Francisco, kindly.
What are these things?
Where is the seat Stone (a thousand)?
How far is it from the station?
Yes . It resides in twelve -four GICs.
My child had an accident.
Yes, we have a playground available at two o'clock and another at four o'clock.
What time can I leave the hotel?
Is there a subway line that goes to "Civic Center"?
In which section?
Get peanuts from here.
Well, I like both.
certainly . It is two travel bags and a handbag. Please keep this ticket.
White wine, please.
I understood it.
Because we are in the "or bon" season now.
Is it possible to go to diving this afternoon?
Do you have any idea of ​​entertainment offers this week in the city?
I will ask someone.
My friend, his stomach is turbulent. Can you recommend something light on his stomach?
Two two three three eight three thousand.
Two seats on the bottom side, please.
Do you want me to fill the data?
Air flight number seven was postponed for two hours.
I want to watch historical buildings.
Do you want to settle the bill now?
The car came to me from the side at the intersection.
We will send anyone from security.
It is somewhat hot.
I am from Portugal .
After I drank the juice they gave me, I lost consciousness. When I woke up, my wallets and mybes were disappeared.
If desired, you can ask for breakfast in English for an additional price.
I lost my wallet.
I would like to rent a sailing board.
Can you make a small "fruity" money, please.
ISPagite Pololia, please.
I would like a beer, please.
I want to go to Paris. Do I have to switch trains?
When is the right time for you?
May I have a medical ticket?
It is a music box.
Where is the suburb?
I want another one.
Is there a bus tour that roams the city?
Our widespread research network is also available to meet your needs.
That is the first goal during the season.
What time do we start?
Nothing for me. Thanks .
Let's go to watch the windows of the shops.
I remember now. We went to lunch together.
Well, sir. In the medium size, we offer you a "Mercury" samour fur, so does that agree with you?
Which is the fast train lane?
I caused a muscle as a muscle.
We are now flying over the natural "Yossimait" reserve.
Is there anything for children?
I bought it in a market for cheap used commodities.
I will travel.
I finished my meal, please raise the tray.
I will rent this model. Add the car insurance.
Does this go to Sydney?
Can I go to jeans and sneakers?
Yes . According to the weekly weather newsletter, the weather will remain well this week.
Please show me some gloves.
Contact service, please.
Right to the street.
Raise your voice, please.
Can you bring me headphones?
He was subjected to crack.
But you have to prepare me by kicking the ball, not me. OK?
Hot Dog Smile and Large Cola, please.
What distance is more away?
(Tiffany) store. Well, we can at least go to watch the windows of the shops.
Please, lean this movie and print.
May I borrow some linens?
I think we will do. Thank you very much .
It is my fault. We rarely see each other.
What kind of artificial leather is this travel bag made?
How much is assigned to the air mail?
I don't think this tranquility is clean. Can you bring me another one?
I would like a hat.
I bought this from a moment, but did this change this?
Perhaps that is true, but I am not sure.
I will be held in a hotel.
I regret that you cannot.
Frankly, I do not agree with that.
Can a wine bottle open?
Can I stay three nights?
Is this the right way to the central station?
Yes . I want to fly the red "ravish" fish, but is it very fresh?
I would like some wooden skis.
Does this have a sunscreen? What is the extent of the protection it provides?
Will you reconsider these payment conditions?
Board with a guide, please.
I'm very sorry .
Is this a train to Chicago?
How can I take a Limousine bus from here?
No, I am sorry, I looked but they are not there.
Twenty -four shot movie, please.
I would like to order a dark suit for me.
This umbrella can be used as a stick for walking.
How much does this tour cost?
Can I buy a ticket here?
I agree, but some conditions.
Should I leave all my luggage in the room leaving the coats?
Can I borrow an iron?
I would like to join a night tour.
I would like a colored slice for this camera, kindly.
How much does it cost to go to Seattle?
What time do we get to Seattle?
Please show me your passport.
They changed my room, please. It emits a strange smell.
What path leads to the museum?
On the basis of the full price, please.
Good . We'll return a good table. May I take your name?
My room faces a loud street.
A room with a shower, kindness.
Is there a place that accepts cleaning clothes on Sundays?
Oh, you have a high temperature. How is your stomach?
amazing . There are very much things to choose from.
Burger sandwiches, please.
Which bus is going to Miami?
But there is no need to pay a cream.
Give me twenty cents mail, please.
Is it better to inform the police?
I want some jam.
I think I will go with chinos.
I want some green salad.
You can see one at Carinji Hall.
I am not legally accredited.
When will you wake up tomorrow?
I want to go to Opera. Where are her parties held?
Can you show me the road to the nearest medicine and refreshment store, please?
Will I have to replace the rooms if I extend my stay?
Book for tomorrow, please.
She hates washing dishes.
It should be returned at four o'clock in the afternoon.
What is the rate of repetition of tourist tours?
Bring me some ketchup.
When can I receive it ready if you request the "usual service"?
Please register a report of my luggage.
I would like to book three seats in the play "A Cat on a Hot Tin surface" tomorrow evening.
I would like to go down in your hotel tomorrow at night. Do you booked a single room?
Is it a long walk?
Is it possible that it can be replaced by another larger in size with a number?
Three of the hundred, two of the fifty category, and five of the twenty category, please.
What is the distinctive class for the store?
No, nothing at all.
I would like to leave my belongings.
Would you fall on the bill and receive the receipt of the credit card, please?
Please switch to dollars to pounds.
How long will it take to go to the "Park" hotel on the taxi?
I would like to book an appointment with a doctor.
My money bag was stolen when I was making a phone call.
That's interesting. This will be useful for many companies.
My name is Sato. I called a little while ago. I would like to register my hotel, as well.
I would like to have a material to make a "diamond" for the face.
Can I leave the car at Lagardia Airport?
Of course not. I will write to you as soon as I arrived home. Goodbye, Mr. Naganeo.
I am confined to traffic jams, and I don't think I will be able to return on time.
Is there a table available near the window for seven people tonight.
Do you have any vacant places?
You do not mind my presence to your home?
I have a lot.
I don't think it suits me.
I would like to send this small expulsion by regular mail to Japan.
Seat on the balcony, please.
I would like a seat on the left.
This city is full of green spaces.
Zero three three eight four four three four five.
There seem to be areas of improvements.
Should I wear evening clothes?
Al -Shaanti, please.
It was transgressing the specified speed.
I would like Grapefruit juice.
Where is the subway?
Can you sew my feet for trousers for me, kindly?
How much does a triple room cost without a shower?
I am Mr. Tanaka in the room number twelve zero nine. I would like to have a new bathroom towels.
Do you have a smaller size?
Gently bite on your teeth, please.
Where can I get aspirin?
We charge a fine of cancellation.
Can you get two tickets for us?
That minimum price.
The value is six dollars and forty cents.
Can I see the menu, please.
Please give me a valid permit for a week.
What is the weight of this luggage?
That is not what I said before.
Where can I find a public phone?
Dive round using a breathing tube glasses, please.
This is my colleague.
Yes, we open all night.
What kind of gasoline there? Super, or normal, as for the lead -free?
I would like to welcome all of you here on the occasion of the third annual meeting of the year one thousand nine hundred and ninety -one.
Who are the actors?
How much will it cost to total?
My name is Elizabeth.
Is there a good place we can see within three hours?
Where is the claim of luggage for the "UA" trip number eight zero?
Is it possible to edit a stealing certificate?
When do you want to meet?
Here one.
The sink is clogged .
We came to America from Japan yesterday.
I am coming to a cold attack.
Where is this seat number?
By the way, do you have a travel insurance for this trip?
I intend to stay for five days.
Where is a free market?
I had a plane ticket in my bag.
I think I will go to sleep.
Here is a little more wide.
Please think of a moment.
Is there a close bar I can go to a drink?
I will arrive within five minutes.
How long has it resided in the United States?
I would like a clothes capsule.
Is there a curvy?
The color is fine, but the size is wrong.
Japanese fireworks.
Can I get the front -class seats now, or do I have to wait for the next offer?
Well, in that case I think it is better to try another company.
This year hurts.
Another one, please.
How to wear when you attend a funeral?
When the red light appears, press the button.
Safar three, Japanese Airlines.
How long does it cost for an hour?
It is closed on Mondays, but any other day will be okay. I think it is opened from nine to fifth.
Your luck is good, Mr. Suzuki.
I have a severe pain in my back.
It is a grilled snake with a special broth above the rice.
Can you recommend a light alcoholic drink?
I left my passport inadvertently somewhere.
Well, I will order a table to prepare you at the time, Mr. Kimura.
I would like a game car.
This is very nice.
In general, how long does it take?
Should I stand in a queue here?
The key that opens all doors, please.
I enjoyed talking to you.
Can I buy a ticket at the gate?
Let's celebrate, so he said and took me to a bar. He said that he would make a phone call and leave and never return, and I alone bore a huge invoice.
I feel this feeling since last night.
It is just after fourth.
Japan is a rapid rhythm country.
Please be patient while looking for it.
I have it.
I have a rash. Which medical cream gives a better effect?
Do you think that tomorrow's picnic will be held inside?
Yes, I know some. Are you on a trip?
My name is Yuko Yamaka. Do you allow my plane reservation to be modified?
I would like to watch a comic work that deals with family life.
Do you want coffee or tea?
I am studying to get a Bachelor's degree in literature, but only some time.
How much is it for every gallon?
I had a passport and my credit cards in my pocket.
What is the distinctive class of this restaurant?
Happy dreams.
I was born in a town about a hundred kilometers from here.
It is best for you to stay in your room in the hotel for a few days.
I want something to treat headaches.
It is completely sterile.
This room is very hot.
Are you confident?
Yes, this is better. This is made of cashmere.
Daily necessities.
The camera that belongs to me fell on a solid surface.
Can you see something else?
All I have only fifty dollars.
Is there anything you cannot eat?
A spoon fell from me.
Seven reservations, under the name Manu.
Thanks . I will make me happy.
Anything will be good.
I would like not expensive seats, if possible.
List of food items, please.
Where is the subway?
Understood . And where can I join a bus?
Let's wait for help.
Her name is Miss Gregson, right?
Don't you want a cup of tea?
Where can I play tennis?
Can you show me where I find the Japanese consulate?
Would you tell me that hour?
I am cooking now.
What a surprise to meet you in the library.
Do you have tennis rackets?
It depends on which universities have been removed from them.
Oh, I understand. It is my fault. Sorry .
Is there a doctor for the hotel or one on the hotel.
I want something light.
Just two tickets, in the second degree, to Edinburgh, please.
Yes, I will come.
I would like a map of subway lines, kindly.
I wake up late in Sundays.
He always shops on Bond Street.
I often go out to roam in rural areas with my family on weekends.
Well, sir. Is it safe to run this movie?
Now you can take one of me.
How many days to Tokyo?
A newspaper in English, kindly.
Please make sure the bus destination before you ride.
Two of the bombing.
Go here in an hour, please.
Sorry, but everything is booked then.
Is there a place where rural music is played?
I would like to review my precious property.
I had to send it by air mail.
Yes, we have one overlooking the ocean.
Any other mystical products?
The car was yellow.
What films are now shown?
What I miss more than others is hot springs.
good . Thanks .
How much does it cost?
Yes, that is good. We will see you at half past six.
Certainly exist, sir. I would like to take a look at this indicative bulletin?
Okay . This is the room thirty -four. My wife is very sick.
Do you have a belt that agrees with that?
How many times a month do you play baseball?
I am sorry, but as long as our views do not agree, I cannot agree to renew the contract.
Good morning, Mr. Cameron. How are you ?
My name is Akio Yamada and the flight number is Japanese Airlines, zero, two six heads to Tokyo.
Kindly, give me a Cologne bottle.
Do you allow me to give me a tax recovery form?
Can you go to the right?
Well, press nine and zero one, then the code for the country and the phone number.
Kindly show me this map.
Do you have a room for four?
Can I get Coca -Cola Diet?
No sugar. Only cream.
This morning, Mr. Kawakami visits a client.
How do I get there? Can you refer to the place on this map?
But you grow vegetables here.
Can I make an order?
Arizona is like a steam bath.
Please give me a cup of water.
Certainly, you can. But there will be a cost of $ fifty dollars.
Is it near here?
Can I take some appetite, kindly?
We enjoyed a nice car tour. Thank you .
Can you change the frame, please?
Does this cost a hundred and twenty dollars? I think it's expensive. Do you give discounts?
Do you have a "coterin" wine?
I also want two postcards to Japan.
Kindly show me your passport and immigration model.
Sorry. May I finish this?
What do you sell on the second floor?
My car is not available tomorrow.
Is water warm?
The total population of Japan is about one hundred and thirty million.
May I get my bill?
Yes . As soon as possible. This is an urgent issue.
Do you guarantee quality?
I closed the room while I was outside. Do you allow me to borrow another version of the key, kindly?
I would like to rent solar.
Where is a tourist office?
How can I make a phone call to Japan?
Yes, I would like to hold accountable the phone's value.
I have two pieces of luggage for review.
It is on the other line.
The atmosphere is very hot here, and very dark.
From the place of the artist?
Let me present myself. My name is Juru Yamada.
Sorry. The knife fell from me. Can you come to me with another?
A portfolio with a hundred dollars and two credit cards.
Water is hotter than necessary.
Where are pop songs?
How much is an ounce?
Oh, no. We had to wear evening clothes for the theater.
Is there a bus?
What is the exchange rate?
I have a travel bag and a bag for the suit.
Dirty sheets.
great . I must get out of my work for some time.
How many bags you want to check?
Well, everything can be expensive in contemporary Japanese, but "Tofu" dishes are not very bad by our standards. And on the other hand, I visited a Japanese -style restaurant to try Kyoto's kitchen, it is better to be ready to pay two hundred dollars per person.
Loudly, please.
Now, where is my travel bag? Ah, here is coming.
How much money was with you in your money bag?
I really don't know. Can you take my skewers, kindness?
Do not miss to bring your passport with you.
Is this all with you?
certainly . I will arrange to call you completely five o'clock tomorrow morning.
Can I see the seats map in the theater?
I am sorry, the payment of an introduction is required ninety -nine days before that.
Do you have a program of activities?
You are here.
Give me a sixteen millimeter movie with audio capabilities.
My understanding was offended.
It was very busy recently. He may have forgotten that.
yes i will . But how much does it cost?
Can you wait here a moment? I will review for you.
Coffee jug, kindly.
Is this the first time this happens to you?
Unlikely.
We will contact you when the grilled hamburger is on coal, as your request has been prepared.
Can you send this expulsion at the specified price in the booklet?
My stomach hurts me after meals.
Put some Lucis on my hair, please.
Where are the tennis courts?
Open an additional hole, please.
Did you know anything about my travel bag?
I am the United States.
Is this my size?
I suffer from asthma.
Unfortunately, I have no reservation, but do you have a table?
No, sir. Sorry . Our places are completely filled.
Good question. I would explain that.
I have pain that beats in my ears.
I would like to take it.
We will hold a small party at my home next week. Will you be able to come with your wife?
Transit passengers, please get a transit card. Our date for departure is expected to be twenty -five minutes. Please pay attention to the advertisement.
I would like to book a time for a tenth golf match tomorrow.
Can you recommend a place like that?
Oh, some of the salted biscuit chips. Can I look at the account bill?
What is the time now in London?
How is that ?
I should not eat food with sugar.
So, I think it will be on your passport. Would you see it, please.
Great, that is a nice place.
How much money you receive?
I am a new student in the first year. I don't know how to register myself. Can you help me?
Perhaps he was suffering from a respiratory seed.
You see, do you have any tickets sold on the day of the show?
I will originate you with someone who speaks English.
truly ?
I am sorry to bother you, but kindly help me.
I would like to return to the Grand Hotel.
Have you decided?
I would like to move to British Airways flight of three nine.
Do you remember the features of the thief?
In which hotel you reside?
What time does it start?
My wallet was removed from me.
I look forward to seeing a second around this time next year.
An injury occurred. Please come immediately.
I must go down. This is a mistake.
What is the closest date for its completion?
I am "Leroy".
Alo. I am Yama Chita who is talking. I would like to talk to Mr. Smith.
Do you have a train in the train?
My handbag was stolen.
Do you have a room available for the next two nights?
Do you want insurance?
Can you order the number for me?
Do you have a Japanese magazine?
Do you have any clean?
Where can we go to surfing?
It is okay.
What time do I call you?
Do you offer food here?
Tuna "Baltabi", kindly.
Good . You will take it. Would you like it as a gift, please?
Where is the men's bathroom?
I would like a candidate.
If you want, we can break here.
You can't get away with that.
Can we sit at a table on the balcony?
I lost the trace of a registered mail.
Can you take care of my precious property here?
I hope to tell me when we get to Hudson Street.
What is your favorite shop?
Please contact me with the hotel as soon as you find it.
Do you have any pocket hours?
You can't change your job easily.
Do I eat this with the sauce?
What is the next station?
Will I need a cold protection over the top of the mountain?
Who will make the final decision?
I was thinking in the first week of February. I still have to arrange the reservation.
Well, but not the open seat area. Today is very hot.
There was also my credit cards in the wallet.
It has a weapon.
There are different types of dogs, right?
I would like to watch a completely new movie.
I want some earrings.
You should not eat food with salt.
What time does the next reach?
Go down here, and go to the bus number six.
I have to join the plane at ten in the morning.
I have plans.
I still feel the desire to vomit.
Can you reach me with someone who speaks Japanese?
I would like to checked with all its tools.
I don't want anything to be large.
To the Continental Hotel, please.
With a little steady, please.
Will there be an advertising board that includes the agenda in the meeting room?
I was the best wallpaper room. It is usually quieter.
Account, please.
I would like to calm your room.
How much is the fresh crow nest?
Do you sell customs exempt from the plane?
I would like to take my passport from my secretariat box.
Cost, please. Do you accept a visa card?
Today I will go to see what the neighborhood looks like.
In the number five zero five.
You can buy tickets from the theater ticket net.
Sorry, but where is the toilet, please?
What path is heading to the north?
The key to the room of eleven forty -five, please.
Do you see the statue in that building?
Can I get some water?
I am confident. It is so delicious that I had too much. I enjoyed dinner so much.
Thanks . Then can you show me some of the six and a half scents (D.)?
Please give him first aid.
Is there a mirror?
Where is the gate twenty -four?
Eat two capsules twice a day.
I do not have enough cash, so I will pay through the credit card.
Do not despair despite the difficulties.
Two zero, two nine, nine, six, seven zero zero.
I would like to take this bag with me on the plane, please.
Can I put my luggage in the back?
Where can I buy a bus ticket?
Do you want to join us?
Can you add cheddar cheese?
So, please fill this request form and its signed.
I would like in five stamps of fifty cents, and twenty postcards, please.
How long will the trip take to Hilton Hotel?
a little .
I intend to go to see the city's landmarks for half a day this afternoon.
How much does it cost?
Quiet room, please.
I just call to thank you for your help during my trip to the United States?
I would like to take off my teeth.
We have fifteen national holidays.
I would like a cosmetic bag.
I am sure that I deposited it in the reception office.
I don’t know how much money I should leave as a scream?
She is the maid. Do you want anything?
What is the price of this cigarette cartridge?
Where can I see the "opera ghost" show?
I want to buy souvenirs for my friends. Can you recommend some of them?
Do you like to work here?
No, this is three seven three eight four, seven, I am afraid that you have called the wrong number.
Slower, please.
What is your average prices for international fax every month?
Do you allow me to keep my room?
Sorry. Can any train goes to the Huiller Avenue?
Can you recommend a clean and unintended hotel?
Perhaps this is more intense. Do you have the last higher?
Do you allow me to return it if it does not fit my sizes?
Do you want to send it by air or normal mail?
He took me to King Street.
Do you have any vacant places tonight?
I think the bus station is near here, right?
I am afraid that we do not do it, sir.
Please talk slowly. I do not understand well.
Can I fly it?
Frying on both sides, please.
What do you think about you to drink coffee.
Ask beer. What kind of beer do you have?
What ? Do they not give you a toothbrush as courtesy?
I would thirty -six colored films.
Are there any buses working on the line?
Oh, that is a little high. Do you have anything less high?
Sorry, we have requested three times to bring our drinks.
How much does the trip cost to the London Tower?
Well, this seems completely clear. Both of you, please, give me the licenses and registration certificates. And you, my children, I regret that we are forced to conduct a test for you to examine the percentage of alcohol.
Can you recommend some places where I can go and go back within a day?
It is heavy.
The street is different from that which we passed yesterday. Is this a brief path?
How do you need it?
Not that. I think they learned to coexist after many years of competition.
By the way, do multi -section stores accept tourist checks?
Yes, of course . What is your card number and expiration date?
I would like a jam.
Can I hire diving equipment using a breathing tube sea glasses. From this store?
Would you take care of my belongings?
Maybe you have to try the H or C.
When will you raise the curtain?
How do you like your hair?
Start operating with Rolling Stones.
Yes, I start with a shrimp salary.
My passport was stolen with seventy dollars.
What is this unusual building?
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel?
Please, call me at six in the morning tomorrow. Fourteen room.
Can I pay Balnn?
I am sorry, there is no recovery. You can replace it with something else.
Where is the university?
She was wearing a blouse and skirt.
I am from the United States.
This is Dallas Restaurant.
Please, be happy if you called us at any time.
Can you send it to Japan if you ask for that now?
Can I take Deca Romania on powder pills? And I want more mayonnaise, please.
How long do these tickets apply?
Do you want to eat outside with me?
My wallet was stolen and my passport.
It will be ready tomorrow in the evening.
Do you have any plans?
Is there heating?
Where is the theater?
I cut my finger.
Do you take a hundred dollars on this?
Is this made of cotton?
Is this reasonable! I did not know that the credit card takes at least a month.
Can I take my belongings from my deposit treasury?
I want to change my schedule.
No, it should not do that. Just press the camera shutter.
I was directed to me.
When is the end of the tour?
I have my own medicine.
Miami.
Is this my role?
What can I see on this tour?
Where can I buy traditional manufactures?
It is six dollars. Will you take it?
Yes, there is at least a drink.
Please, where is the nearest restroom near here?
Here are some different types.
Reducing its price.
Good-bye .
What is the cost of this in the day?
I want to do login procedures, please.
I would like to know if I could be sent breakfast?
Is it possible to climb a mountain with this light equipment?
Can I take some water?
We will do our best to get a solution about this before tomorrow morning.
Are there cosmetic tools in the first round?
Does this bus stop near the hotel?
More than one cigarette box per day.
This exceeds my budget.
Can I take some cigarettes?
Please, I want a doctor to my room.
Excuse me if you were wrong, but are you not Rebecca Anderson?
I would like a built -in cylinder.
I am residing at the Hight Hotel. Please send me my luggage to the hotel quickly.
There are flights on Gal Wana companies, which take off at ten and fifty -five minutes. But, unfortunately, both flights are reserved.
Return, please.
Road number five on the right there.
I want a long sleeved sleeve.
A two -year -old bank is present.
We will delay an hour.
Where can I check the oil?
Please send this special request.
This room number three five five. I want some room services, please.
It suits me completely.
Can I take this to the plane?
Can we book a table for five people?
Please, do you have economic class on the trip to Tokyo on the thirteenth of October?
She never understands English.
Going, or back and return?
I would like a beef slice with reddish potatoes.
It is a chopped wheel, spiced with pepper.
This low color is very famous this year.
To make a diet.
Is there a disco bar in this city?
Where is the registration office of ABC Erlins?
It is on the right there.
Good evening, sir. Can I help you?
It makes itching in this place.
Please, give me the rest in the form of a small beak.
We can reserve you a seat on the twenty -fourth of March.
I understand that. How many stations on the way from here to South Station?
I want to change my reservations to J zer zero on the third of January.
Please, spend a tourist check.
Pork sandwich with rye bread, large orange juice, please?
Can I return that?
Welcome . This is Tsunio Suzuki. Can I talk to John Anderson, please?
Mr. Tsonio Suzuki? Do you please fill this registration card? What kind of room do you like?
This is good. Please register your phone number too.
My passport ends in two weeks.
This skin is very thin and scratches easily, so carefully.
Congratulations, I hear that you are waiting for a baby.
What is the hotel cleaning department number?
The optical brake signal does not work.
Women and gentlemen, we are doing final preparations to leave immediately, and we will leave the place in a few minutes.
Is there a warm walk?
Can you take care of her from nine in the morning until three?
Are you an Irish?
I recommend a necklace.
Please, issue a medical certificate and insurance receipt.
Can you bring it to me at nine o'clock?
Does the reduction now apply?
Why don't we go to Buckingham Palace today?
What is the cost of air mail to Japan?
Please, tell me again.
I wish you were your place.
I love fruits with great love except for figs.
Can I enter?
Not far?
Well, I hope to return to Japan and get a good job in a leading bank.
Please open this.
Where is the nearest sports tool store?
I want the model signed by the manager, please.
I want to reach Los Angeles from noon until two o'clock.
Can I see a battalion explaining the places worth visiting?
One hundred and seventy pounds for the individual as a whole.
Please, take me to the Four Seasons Hotel.
The door was closed. Can you open my door, please?
Can I come on ten on Wednesday?
Do you have the same thing in a different color?
Where are you? You know, if a girl is trying to resist, it will become more dangerous.
Please give me a first aid.
You cannot take this luggage with you.
Well, this depends on traffic, you know that. The traffic is very crowded with this noon.
I would like to invite you to my home next Sunday.
Can I take my medicine here?
I just speak Japanese.
We open at ten and close at six.
My wife and I would like to open a joint account of savings.
We ask you if you allow to wear a tie.
Please hair and shampoo.
I can't believe that you are really forty.
Do I have to change the bus until I get there?
Who is the last queue?
What is the best tour until I see the most famous places?
I am sorry, Mr. Shimada, Mr. Russell abroad?
Where is the emergency exit door?
Can you repeat that, please?
It will be ready tomorrow morning.
Do you leave the bus to Boston at thirty -nine minutes?
Let me take care of your belongings.
Do you have any onion drink?
I know exactly what you feel.
When does this museum close?
The driver gets a heavy fee. What should I do?
Is this region safe for women?
Let's talk about the specific problems.
Are there Japanese speeches?
All tickets were sold.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Yes, I was booked with ABC Tourism.
We want to play for an hour at ten in the morning tomorrow.
Can you wait here for a while?
How many bags I can bring with me on the plane?
We have a lot of snow here.
There are also many types of ramen in a fast preparation. A cup of ramen can be prepared in three minutes after adding boiling water.
Please wash this.
What is the portfolio?
What is the product that added a lot to your sales increased last year?
Two adults and one child, please. By the way, what does a parental guidance mean for those without fifteen?
He gave his short intervention a deceptive form.
I appreciate this if you tell me when we will go down.
Can I buy tablets for the stomach here without it?
It seems that someone took my luggage.
The tank was filled.
No, sir. This noon is completely reserved. However, you can reserve tomorrow.
Put the luggage in the truck box, please.
I will go to ask the gatekeeper about the right fare.
Yes, there will be a guide speaking English.
When will we get out of the highway to go to Laguna Beach?
How long will you learn English?
How do I create this flash?
Nice to see you again. Thanks for your invitation to us.
great . Give my car. I will take you to the best gynecologist in the city.
I will wear this, so please wrap this to me.
Sorry, can I change my seat?
I would like a cold, please.
Where is the flight office on which I will continue the flight?
Do you have a larger size?
I would like a white wine jug.
Where do I buy it from?
I will take three of them.
Will my exit data be recorded before I discourage at sea?
Is it a direct trip?
Who said this?
I want to rent a guide speaking Japanese.
Do you take the ABC card?
I do not remember where I left.
I am really sorry.
I have a cough in sputum.
I am wrong in taking the things written on it in Japanese.
We have a party on Friday evening. Why don't you join us?
We will have to wait at least half an hour.
Well, your room, Miss, is the number of nine zero eight. This is your key.
I would like a frequent lighting.
I found a crack here at home. Can I change it?
It is very important that we can access the raw materials that we need in the project.
I don't remember where.
I have a continuous pain that is not severe.
How much does this visa remain in effect?
I have to send this suit to the sink.
I don't like this room.
Yes . This is the key to my room.
Sorry, officer?
Does this train go directly to Edinburgh?
I would like two first -class tickets to go to Boston, please.
Does this enter within the limits of taxes from taxes?
Can I take another pillow?
If possible, be a table near the window, please.
Tell me about the rules.
I want one red.
Is the area safe?
Take out my precious belongings, please.
Will you write a diagnosis for me?
My handbag was stolen from me in front of the hotel near here.
This is my pleasure.
Are you sure this calculation is correct? Please see it again.
There are some strong waves today.
I can't taste anything.
I want to tour Mexico for a week.
It has not yet been sent.
Is it possible to eat the meal after I sleep?
What is breakfast time?
Does a paper come with her with instructions?
Please, write it here.
You can buy a ticket with a thousand yen category of this machine.
Sorry. Is there a currency phone near here?
Can I sit next to you?
I am not sure to make sure. Perhaps this evening.
How is crowding in such tours?
I feel sick. Can you give me something please?
What is the cost of sending this postcard card?
a job .
I would like to buy some souvenirs. Is there a suitable place here?
I put land with a strange person.
We help users benefit as possible from the goods they share.
Can I take two hamburger?
How long will it remain open?
Where can I get a booklet?
Please, can you spend this three hundred tourist checks?
How do I find the building where your office is located?
Do you have any steering wheel?
I would like a gift to a child.
Please, I will surely do it for fifty pounds.
It is outside now.
My Day, do you allow this paper to be filled with your signature?
You can find it at the end of this hallway.
I have been involved in developing new products.
You have to register me on another flight.
How much does that cost, including the tax?
What is its appearance?
Thank you . I appreciate it . You see, how much I am interested in Australian series.
He harasses me.
Is you? Well, it is better to take a taxi and say to the driver only Gray City Terminal. You will not take more than forty minutes.
I go to the beauty center every three months.
I would like another room.
How is dinner so quickly?
Is this the number of nine zero eight, seven two six? Sorry, I seem to have contacted the number wrongly.
Do you have anything to eat?
I usually leave the house to school at eight.
Now I had an idea.
What is the thing about this season?
How far is the fishing berth?
She takes the desire to go home now to take a rest.
Where is the nearest supermarket?
Let's suppose I would drive a Mercedes more than ten thousand miles and then sell it to you. How much will I take?
I put an adhesion reserved on your ticket.
Is there a sacrifice for beginners?
I separate my hair from here.
Can you suggest a better plan?
Which speeches to me?
Will you leave this trip exactly?
I asked for two coca fifty minutes ago. How do you come?
Can I take a recovery on this?
Here is one of them, sir.
I have no luggage for inspection.
I think we are walking in the wrong direction.
Sorry, can you nominate me another hotel?
Do you see that restaurant there?
I would like it, but I am busy now.
I will give it specially for you for two hundred and thirty dollars, then.
I want to iron this suit.
What are the drawings that will be imposed on this?
Can you switch?
What a beautiful day. Do you usually have these beautiful days at this time of year?
I would like to rent an ice jar?
Certainly, be on your comfort.
Jamal. I hear it is a beautiful country.
What's the fare?
I am here on a media mission.
Where would you like to bring you your belongings when we find it?
It is a matter of habits. In Japan, they are used to an ethical system that never allows the boy to sit to a girl after they are seven years old.
Thirteen dollars and forty -six cents, including the tax. Criticism or on the account?
Please try again later.
Do you expect any cancellation?
Please tell me where my seat is.
Do you have films for summer?
Sorry. Can you take a picture of us, please?
Okay . Please show me some shirts.
yes i will . I love swimming more.
Who is the sculptor?
Does this dress suit me?
What distance that limousine travels to get there?
It takes twenty minutes to reach the station.
I spent a beautiful stay. Thank you all .
Show me the shirt in the presentation of the show.
When comes the next train heading to Washington, DC?
We had a similar experience in the past.
This is my ticket.
Welcome . What do I bring to you?
How long does it take to the air mail to Japan?
Can you check it for me?
It is very tight.
Can I take a receipt?
I want to stay less than a hundred dollars.
Can we look for the graphic stores?
Long clothes are fashion now.
I want you to keep my bags until three o'clock.
How long is the distance to the beach?
I want a first aid box.
Please give me the number that can be contacted in the event of an emergency.
Are there any buses heading to Hull ice?
How are you ? I am Hirokososki. Can I know your name?
Do you like Japanese food more as well?
Please register this letter.
Where is the nearest vegetable store?
I will return to Japan next Monday.
Yes . Eighty pounds per night, plus tax.
This is your menu. The waitress will be here immediately. Enjoy your love.
I would like to speak to Mr. Jojo in room number three zero six.
Where is the entrance to the metro?
Can I get a metro map?
It was unclear.
Is there a bank inside this station?
She does not suit me.
I want Vodka.
I would like to get out of the car in San Francisco.
Would you ask him to call me on my account when he returns?
I am just kidding. In fact, I just want to buy a new shoe. Sorry, where are the women's shoes?
You did not bring me my authority, excuse me.
Is it a long way?
I need it before Friday.
Yes, it is. One moment, please.
On vacation.
Is your watch set?
Who is the manager?
Is this seasoned?
How much is it spent?
Would you please explain these electric keys?
This is amazing . Will you speak English or Japanese?
Is this safe to install this movie?
I have five cigarette boxes.
Would you tell me the size that suits me.
Can you switch this with a new one?
Sorry . I have gone astray. Would you show me the way to the station?
What is the area of ​​Japan?
No, I have no time. Just packing.
From San Francisco to Narita.
Is there any doctor who speaks Japanese?
Would you give me a tea jug?
Can I go there on the taxi?
Two people.
The river width is more than a hundred meters.
This is not quite me.
Where can I restore my belongings?
I do not feel comfortable. Can I be a seat?
Something wonderful to practice tennis in this picturesque place.
I would like to reserve a hotel room for a night.
You see the metro sign there.
Are you working on Sundays?
Would you make an alternative card for me?
I am really sorry.
When will this movie be ready?
Is there a good disco close to here?
I will take one red and one white.
I would like a wide corner lens.
Oh, just a few days. There is a lot that I want to see, and I do not think that there is time.
Which line heading to Manhattan?
How long is the rest between the first chapter and the second chapter?
I passed through a red line.
This boy fled in front of my car.
Eleven and forty -five minutes in the morning.
Would you guide me to a favorite restaurant among young men?
His car was traveling in full speed.
Show me a men's wallet.
Would you look at it until you are sure?
Can I leave a message? I call to confirm my appointment with Mr. Ebert next Wednesday at eleven in the morning.
I would like a hairdresser.
I need it tomorrow.
I need it at five in the evening.
However, we cannot use it in anything except for self -defense.
I need a doctor. Would you know me with one?
Rice cake is a type of traditional Japanese food.
thank you for your help .
Do you have anything more casual?
I have to be at the airport at ten thirty.
I would like dinner.
Can you somehow describe your disease in English?
Uninterrupted pain moves from my ears to my neck.
There is no way to apologize.
I asked for a vegetarian meal.
Is there a Chinese restaurant close to here?
Would you send a taxi to the main entrance to Westminster Mall?
Will you live in New York long?
I want a Telegraph model, please.
Can I get post stamps for seven postcards to Japan?
Is this bus heading to Disneyland?
Certainly, go up.
We have regular car tickets and Green Carrs. Which do you want?
I lost my watch.
Who do you intend to go with them?
Where are you going?
Using flash is prohibited.
How many times will I change trains to get there?
I would like to rent this model of three hours.
I spent a great time this evening, thank you.
How do you use this in cooking?
How much is this the tax?
Is this right? Let me check. Oh, sorry for Miss Takanao. This is our mistake. Here is your new bill. Would you please sign here, please?
I need a report on the incident.
I don't want any hair freshener.
I will definitely put it in the car box.
How much is the exchange fees?
Yes, of course. Will you stay three nights?
Can you take my sizes?
Would you package it to me, please?
The rest is five dollars, please.
How much is this?
I don't know British sizes.
Do you really prefer it?
Please show me your contract. The value of the total fees will be two hundred dollars.
Can I see your ride card?
I want a single room.
The bathtub's plug does not completely lock.
Put your bags here, check for only one bag.
I feel I would like to sleep for a while.
It is just a gift as an expression of my appreciation.
Would you complete this form?
From which berth will leave?
Can I get my hall offer for this evening?
What about these plastic models?
Close to the stage?
The price on the bill is the same price with a pricing card.
What brands do you have?
The heels are very high for me.
Call an insurance company, please?
What about five? I do not need very much
I left my coat here.
Close the door from the inside while I was out of the room.
Pen limbs after permanent ripple, please.
The seat is broken.
I want to buy a thirty -six -category category.
Where is the largest multi -section store close to here?
Your name, please.
I want chicken, please.
I have a problem, when I was walking on the street, I stole a wallet. Where is the police department?
Please do not smoke at this time.
We are now near Sydney, thirty -two road.
I would like to stay longer.
Is this for self -service?
certainly . What is it ?
How long did you spend in Paris?
I arrived here on British Airlines flight number one five.
Can I get postage stamps for three Japan's postal cards?
He founded in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty -three, but the façade with marble columns was built in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty -two.
Can I take your request?
Let's talk carefully, hundreds of thousands of them, Mr. Corio. In this basement alone we have about eight hundred thousand bottles.
This is right. I will really enjoy his vision again.
Yes, however, you will have to pay an additional drawing.
How long have you been doing this?
I would like to take the same trip on the first of July.
Oh Oh HH
Do you want a drink?
Lie here.
Make it an urgent telegram, please.
Is that an express train ?
What is the value of the approximate tariff to go to Square Park in Washington?
I cannot reach the reins of the zipper at the back.
Is the flight to AA, two zero, five, is included in the appointment schedule?
Would you guide me to a good book of a fifteen -year -old child?
Ok food?
How do I return to the large central station?
This little lipstick is very lower. I will take this, please.
Is this the UNATID AIR luggage suit?
The number is three five, six, seven eight zero, two.
I want a small bed.
This is the wrong newspaper.
Eight years old.
Do you want to leave a message?
I suffer from a vaginal cause.
I am looking for makeup tools.
Does the bill include the service fee?
Any other cotton?
I want some peppers, please?
According to the weather report, tomorrow will witness ice.
If my luggage does not arrive tomorrow, I will move to another hotel within two days.
Do you have any Californny wine?
If you have Japanese yen, I want the rest of it.
I want a ball.
I am very grateful to you.
Please stay inside the thirty -foot diving diameter.
no . Something to put it on the body.
I want a special guide.
Take a penalty kick.
Welcome . Can I speak to Jean? Mayight Yamagwashi speaks.
Welcome . I called GW Andremrez. Our work hours between nine in the morning and five in the evening. If you learn the inner number of the party you are calling, please contact the number now. If you are calling from a touch phone, please call the name of the party you want to call.
What is the special thing in this house?
Do you have any shoes with a pointed introduction?
I left my bag on the train.
My eyes weaken.
Can I attach this speech in it?
While someone appears to be involved.
I would like some rubber ligaments.
It is not my mistake, but it is your mistake.
Please stop at the main entrance to the hotel.
Would you change this, please?
The scene was really beautiful.
Certainly. We will be happy to do this.
Do you have modern hours?
Her hair was wavy and black.
Can I get a lamp, please?
Hi, Malaysian comedy book. I will buy one to take it home as a conversation.
I had a headache when I woke up this morning.
Would you like anywhere else, deserves a visit?
Mr. Thomas, let me introduce my friend Mary Jones.
I am hungry as well. Why do we not eat somewhere?
I would like to ask you about the three point. Am I right to believe that I have to pay a bank transfer?
Thank you . Oh, this is beautiful. What is this ?
I want to wake up.
I would like to cancel my appointment with Mr. A?
Fitness has not yet reached. Would you like to accelerate?
Let's see. Let me get an English newspaper.
It is very beautiful here, right?
Listen that the ship was crashed due to the tropical hurricane.
Yes . My name is Sato.
What kind of commodities do you want?
The best is very much. Bida, I regret that I do not prefer design. What about other designs.
I am very sorry. I replace it. Which one did you want?
What is the value of the fees in the hour?
Yes, I enjoyed it.
I want the added tax value model, please.
Let us follow a brief path.
Fifty cents for each bag, sir.
Someone grabbed my money from me.
The way to success is "Jinmiako" really?
Would you guide me to a hotel that is not too expensive than it?
Suk still, otherwise you will shoot.
I will reach your hotel at about nine in the evening.
not yet . I will take a medium -sized ice cheesecake and a medium siz.
Thank you very much . I was very cooperative.
The wrong change here.
How much is it all?
I would like to announce this package of wine.
I will register my exit, please.
My camera does not work in a correct way. Would you like to check it?
It is my girlfriend's birthday. Do you have anything special?
Are you disrupted in traffic?
There are about two thousand five hundred dollars in the Japanese pallet.
Did the chef summon to explain it?
It is likely to be at least thirty -five dollars.
Would you give me a dwelling property?
Does someone sit here?
I want a seat on the trip to Los Angeles at eight in the evening.
It looks big too much. Can I try the next smaller size?
Go from here. Give this to the hotel upon arrival. Here's the city map. Enjoy a beautiful stay.
Yes, we are doing. I will show you some.
Please prepare the report as I can submit a compensation suit for the insurance company.
I want some sleeping tablets.
Would you cover it?
I finally found a job through which I can take advantage of my talents.
I will be here until nine. I hope you can arrest the criminal as soon as possible.
Yes, I am looking for a coat.
Are there any additional fees?
Will you change it?
No, for taxi drivers, they are either more or less honest.
Would we leave now?
Gum is very harsh.
Can I close the window?
However, everything comes with piles of potatoes that look oily. I started to miss rice and Miso soup.
Would you give the line to someone talking to Japanese?
Another person's luggage was transferred to my room.
Yes, the secret of the distance of two buildings. You will find it on your Yemeni.
I want to see the Church of the Trinity.
Tokyo is the fashion center.
What is shown at the Opera House on Friday night?
I had a usurious crisis.
She walked up with garlic.
The best science fiction movies on love stories?
Let me check the exchange rate of the dollar against the yen today. One moment, please.
This is the video I recorded for my friend.
Five tens and ten five and the rest of the quarters, please.
I want to buy some bags.
We will spend a week to establish camps and enjoy ourselves this summer.
I practice swimming and train in a bodybuilding hall once a week.
I am sure that the criminal is close.
The flight flight UA eight five three.
Ten stamps please.
I was infected in the throat.
This will take two hours and the service fee is ninety -nine.
What are the finest shoes that you have?
Why did you mean New York last year?
I need some souvenirs from New York.
I am from Germany. I stayed in Las Vegas for three days before coming here.
I want to go by sea, but how is the cabins?
Hi, I feel as if I had taken this street before.
Do you mind providing breakfast an hour?
In a Turkish case for the film now, when will the pictures be ready?
Is there another library that it sells?
Only some stomach medications.
What is the name of the station that I will download?
Compulsory education is six primary and three years of preparatory years
What about two?
I am registering to leave the hotel. Would you send a servant up?
Cruise missiles. What did you use?
Do you have Jack Daniel's whiskey?
Are they selling alcohol in the store?
Can I seek a tennis coach?
Will the bus to the Basu leave on time?
Is there a sleeping cart?
Would you clean my table, please?
My watch stopped.
I was talking to Mr. Douglas from the sales management and the line was cut off.
No, we did not receive messages, but there is a letter to you.
Enjoy it. Thank you .
Oh, is it? How do you prefer it?
His taste is great, however he will not hurt if they tried to make it look more elegant.
When will the root date come?
This looks good. I would like to join the tour. How much is the cost?
This camera fell from me and the shutter was broken.
Can I continue the trip?
We must go to the number one sidewalk to ride on the Xue line.
I can equip it for you in about fifteen minutes. Do you want to wait, or will you go later?
When will the next bus come?
Where can I do the request?
What documents do you need to enter the United States?
By the way. The new Canasai International Airport was also completed in the year one thousand nine hundred and nineties.
Do you sell bread?
We open at nine in the morning.
It is very good, thanks.
Is this real?
Can I see the menu?
Do you have appetite?
I want to make a new hat for me.
I want a nausea medicine.
This ticket for a seat in the hall. But you sit on the balcony.
Tsutomo name.
Does this train go to New York?
We guarantee that you will receive all the goods within two weeks whenever we receive your request.
Good . never .
Is this pipe from the thorns?
Do I wear it to the left?
Is it further than we can reach?
I would like a shower room.
All you receive to connect the car?
Here are ancient currencies, pottery potentials extracted, bronze jug, and a thousand others.
I want a coloring book.
Can you take some mineral water?
We want to share the strike.
My room is very noise.
I think I have air dizziness.
How can I reach the Delta Airlines office to connect flights?
Should I go to a Japanese bank?
Please try again.
You should change the money from the bank.
Oh, you shouldn't have done. Thanks . This is exactly what I wanted.
I will call you when I am not busy.
Does this stop the train at every station?
The hours in this ornament are suitable for daily use, but those are the most expensive.
Try that, it's thirty -eight normal.
I hurt myself.
I have heard that you have a waiter speaking Japanese.
What is your disability?
Can I book?
Are you sure? I thought this wine bottle shape is used for the wine.
This is my husband.
No thank you . I was just watching.
Yes, it was very good. Thank you .
Yes . I will reach you with Mrs. Dodier.
Can I try this?
Do we have enough time to end the departure procedures?
I have an allergy to eggs.
I would like to draw your attention to the right right section of the paper I gave you to Tuy.
Your husband is one of our best customers.
At Hilton Hotel. The room number is three zero five.
The sunset view is great from here.
I imagine that you are concerned about the delivery date.
I would like a pencil for pencil, please.
I lost one of my adhesive lenses.
Do you know a good dentist?
Tell me, Adrian, do you not think that this robe is loose, you know?
Oh, the consulate should notify immediately.
This is her.
Shake, not multiplied.
Is this the passenger gate to Paris?
He explained it to me on the map.
Listen that there are good clubs for jazz.
Do you want a table in the main restaurant or in a private room, sir?
What is the nearest station for the Lincoln Center?
What is the last date to reach the audit office for this flight at the airport?
A large number of people go to the beach during the season.
Do you know the name of the elegant lady dancing with Mr. Cole?
I love you . You belong to me.
I weigh about a hundred and fifty lbs.
I would like to get a map of the subway.
I would like to buy six neck associations. Would you give me a opponent?
Where should I transfer?
Oh, I think they are calling you.
I will take the umbrella with me as a precaution.
Where is the office of missing things?
Is there a bus that goes directly there?
From which sidewalk is the small xpress train to Washington?
Is this a flower store next to the hotel?
I am looking for a running shoe.
Do you have makeup sets?
From which path does this train leave?
I do not need all this. I want only one.
Do I need a special treatment?
Will I pay cash or add to the bill?
Was Mr. Jones serious when he said he would retire soon?
I have a cold.
We moved to this house a year ago.
Do you know a Chinese restaurant called "Dragon" here?
I call an ambulance quickly.
This is a package in kind, is this suitable for you?
I would like to book again.
All. Discount, please.
Please non -light bulb.
He is there.
Are there any letters in the package? What is in it?
Yes, you can. The room is ready. Write your name and address here, please.
Where is this place?
Complete the length of my feet?
How much will it take to issue a visa for me?
Where are the comfort rooms?
Nothing is dangerous.
Do I need a fishing license?
The total amount required two hundred and forty pounds, madam.
If I use my credit card, can you compensate for the amount?
This is a gift, can you wrap it in a beautiful winding paper?
Do not open any of my messages.
The fourth residential square after the Starbak Café.
I want something more sober.
Can the battery be changed?
Can my jacket comment on the clamp please?
Food on the adjacent table looks good.
Is there a large car bag?
Can I take care of it?
This is very bad. Please take care of yourself.
What a look. It is a beautiful path.
Here the hot sausage man came.
People have been injured.
Sorry. Where is the station here?
I would like heavy coffee.
I have health insurance.
Are you married or celibate?
Please call me a taxi. I want to return to the hotel.
How much should I pay in the hour?
The advantage of this hallway is that we can watch the whole theater.
This skin?
When is the login date?
A big earthquake happened this morning.
Decrease this dollar a small beak, please.
Nine three six zero zero.
There were two young men.
We love this wine very. I hope you enjoy it.
Is there a tour of the afternoon?
Yes, we have a reservation for you.
It is reddish crocodile meat. It is very delicious, somewhat crunchy.
I would like to eat a raw stakosa.
Please bring me breakfast on the seventh.
Would you give me a headache?
A person will leave tomorrow.
The price is nine dollars in addition to the tax per night.
Card in my name on the bag.
Sorry, I want to go to a hotel hotel in the bus. Where can I take a bus?
Will this work on a hundred volts?
Chicken, please.
Do you know what is the prescription for your lenses?
Should I change the bus to go to the Lincoln Center?
I would like some vitamins.
Please wait. I will see if there is it.
Check the tires, please.
Can I bend the back of the seat?
In the spring, cherry buds in the arts of some Buddhist temples are very attractive. In the fall, the colored plant leaves in Archimaya have a breathtaking view next to the fresh air and the pure river.
Where is it?
This room is two zero. I want to order tomorrow's breakfast.
What are the holidays in Japan?
I feel uncomfortable. Please fix it as quickly as possible.
I will send you this picture. Your name and address, please.
Please call me in the name of Midori.
I will study science at the university.
What do you think of the issue of sexual harassment in the workplace?
Will all this be on the same painting?
thief .
What color do you like?
Thanks . To what late can I have room service?
I need some shoe wiping.
My throat is inflamed.
Where can I find the musical guide?
Sorry for my delay.
Please cut my hair in an inch over the eyebrows.
Where is the paper claiming paper?
Can you give me a prescription?
I want a seat today.
I want some fruit juice, please.
We must improve the exploitation of this thing.
I want to book a seat to Boston. Can I take the seat today at three thirty in the evening?
I want to book a seat to Seattle.
We have a different sense of values.
I must initially say that I am not an expert in this matter, or that I am representing any government organization. What I will tell you is the entire personal opinion. I welcome expressing an opinion after this reservation is placed.
Come on, we have a blood test for you.
I lost them yesterday's era.
Let's eat a simple lunch.
What kind of lip coating do you have?
What time does the next train leaving for Philadelphia leave?
Not too short . But good trimming.
I would like an international call. Please pray with a number of three six three eight three three in Tokyo.
This fish is cooked over the limit.
No, unfortunately. It needs something more powerful.
Instead of this with dollars, please.
I am not from here.
Do you like to take a look at this booklet?
Algae does not stick to the moving stone.
I have two sisters.
You told me that the tariff is two dollars at the airport.
Please take me to the stage.
Go to go and return, please.
What should have been so much like this.
Do you want to watch a movie or something from this?
This is not wrong.
No, I do not want. Do I see another one?
The flight number two zero eight, to Tokyo.
I want to leave the hotel.
How long will it continue?
How long does we take to reach Soho walking?
Where do we connect your bags when we recover them?
There is one on the other side of the road.
Fifteen dollars for diagnosis. I will give you the prescription.
Do you have a fax service?
Which is more cold in winter, Japan or Australia?
How much is the price of one?
Four appropriate doors.
So let's lure it from the inside.
No thanks, I want the check, please.
I am a trainee.
Just because it is a deduction ticket, this cannot be.
I want a written novel in English that is not difficult.
It would be disrupted to have a disease, so if you are in your place, I shouldn't go there.
Do you have your receipt?
I think there is a mistake in this bill.
Urgent order occurred and could not reach.
Let's meet to look more.
Sorry, would you change this amount?
We will need to book you on another trip.
Is this one hundred percent pure skin?
I was in a car accident on the Ocean Road and the twelfth Street.
How do you like to style your hair today?
What are breakfast times?
Change a local train in Venx.
Will it be a nice day?
I want to send a postcard. Can I take a character?
I went to diving about ten times.
We want a room overlooking the pool.
Can you send it to Japan?
It looks out.
He was born in one thousand nine hundred and sixty.
I am afraid that the sleeves are too long.
Sorry, I can't.
I want to go to Boston.
Do you have a cologne water, Aramis, sensitive skin?
Give me more bread, please.
Can you tell me that in other words?
Give me time to think about it.
I will use what is with you.
There is no confirmation signature.
We want a table near the stage.
Can you take some jam?
What about this? The price is only one hundred dollars. It is equal to every year of it.
Can we take a meal?
I am in good condition. Well, are you going somewhere?
I am looking for leather shoes.
In the morning yes, but in the afternoon the weather is clouded.
Do we have to book in advance?
Stay on the line open, please?
I do not rely on that.
Dinner will not be offered before the seventh. Now there are only drinks.
Say it again?
I will go to sleep. Would you bring my meal later?
We celebrate the New Year after the previous year passed peacefully.
Its height is two thousand four hundred meters.
Is there a police office close to here?
Enter. Please put it on the table there.
Blue Jacquit is missing.
Please cancel my card number.
Pay to me.
I will take you there.
Do you know a pharmacy with Japanese drugs?
There is a good cylinder place near here.
I am here on vacation.
L,? I do not enjoy watching others playing. I love to play myself.
This is not possible.
Fennel, please, please.
We cannot do this here.
In terms of turn?
I am sure I gave you a fifty -dollar category paper.
We cannot replace currencies.
Please call Chicago, eight seven seven five zero seven.
Lead left when the flashing signal.
Where is the closest to the dresses?
Sorry, I have run out, but we will respond after a few days.
Can you take popcorn, please.
Two tickets for the first degree, please.
Can I take some coffee?
The bus will return you here at six.
Where is this?
I have no date, but it's urgent.
It is poorly made.
Where is the elevator?
I want to go to a beautiful place.
No, you cannot sell it at this high price?
Can I find it easily?
We can get multiple varieties of goods imported from well -known brands.
Where can I play roulette?
Do you have a deposit box?
I am happy because you did. Please send my best regards to your family.
Please call a taxi at ten in the morning.
I would like it, but I have to go. I may miss the last train. I am happy to talk to you.
I am surprised how they make it?
Please dry skin treatments.
Please deposit seventy -five cents for an additional three minutes.
Do you have a booklet about offers?
Where is the subway entrance?
Please tell me the account after the call.
Should I wear official clothes?
I put my flight ticket.
I'm just looking around . Thanks .
What is the time for opening in this vegetable garden?
Sorry, I'm lost. Where is the exit door?
Do you like to tell you?
This is for you.
Did you go to New York before?
These are personal belongings.
What is this fabric?
When is the date of the ride?
The highway (N) was taken to Al -Qanal Street. Then instead of the line (P).
I am a teacher.
I hold a master’s degree in science from the University of Kyoto.
Give me fifteen gallons of the two stars, please.
I was trapped by the children of my clothes in ice cream, after which my portfolio disappeared.
The actor is really great.
This is my green card.
Where is the rescue worker?
Understood . Thank you very much .
That day was in the past to celebrate the rice crop.
Well, I would like to copy this report.
Do you have something light?
I would like to narrow it five centimeters.
I would like to reserve a private room in a bedroom.
We have a large assortment of sweets, including cakes and ice cream.
No thank you . I just informed him that I called and I will call again this afternoon.
Can't you stay here during the leave?
Do you have a map of the roads to take it?
Oh, sorry because I bothered you.
Can you reserve the show?
The weather is hot. Can you do something?
Is there a public restroom near here?
What is the name of this plant?
prattle .
The walk is hurt.
I was chased by a trigger acrobate.
Get away, please.
Do not shoot.
You can put your bags under your seat on the floor.
Does the meter work?
Our seats are (c) fifteen and (c) sixteen. Can you see the seats?
Is there a room available tonight?
Enjoy a good trip.
Two tickets for tomorrow.
Where, sir?
I would like to borrow it, if you don't mind.
Excuse me, please .
What is the total?
What's the soup of the day ?
This is very good. And now questions, please.
I want to bring something to my husband.
What is this cabbage in white paper?
What is the name of this fruit?
Do you have any waiting amount?
I don't remember where I left them.
I will visit him tomorrow.
I would like to check the time of departure.
I think the weather will be better tomorrow.
Vienna.
There is no place to put luggage.
I would like to book two seats for New York on August 3.
It was more than I could eat.
What do people say about this meeting?
Our products have been sold over the past four years. X four zero.
I want to rent a guide speaking Japanese for half a day.
This one is there. Oh, buses do not go on Sunday.
O waiter. Please account.
Did you know the appointment?
Certainly, sir, and what about the open appetite?
I put my passport somewhere.
The Port Authority receives nine dollars fifty cents. The hotel takes eleven dollars.
Where is the "Port Buenb" program?
It was kind to you to release me on the city.
The room is really cold.
Do you have green tea?
Is it left left?
We want to spend thirty dollars per person.
Yes, thank you.
What about going to the beach on Sunday?
One of them hit my car while I left it.
The survey showed that fourteen percent of those who answered will buy a product like what we do if the price was less than fifty thousand yen.
Is there a beauty store here?
The right time is now seven and twenty -eight minutes in the morning.
Are there Japanese speakers talking?
How many stations before we arrive at the aquatic biology complex?
I want a quiet restaurant.
Who was the architect?
At the box office at the stage entrance.
Wonderful price, right?
Can I return my seat back?
How long is the distance to get to the Boaston?
What is the market exchange rate?
Alo. Here is the external call factor. What is the number you want to call?
I was shocked.
How many days does the air mail reach arrival?
It must take it ninety -nine times a day, before meals.
Well, I got it, then hurry to go.
Let's go to the restaurant with a taxi.
I am suffering.
Please take my bag.
I want to book the Japanese Airlines number one trip to Tokyo on the tenth.
The cost cost is vulnerable to change.
She was hurt in the rain.
This account statement is wrong.
I really love it.
Look at the trace of the lips, hee?
Try Hurtz in the other office.
Well, great.
How long have it been?
Is there a Chinese restaurant near here?
Yes, this is Sujaku Meanischi, three zero room.
Who issued this receipt?
What is presented in the theater?
This size is here, in this drawing.
I would like a triple holder.
the curse . I should have bought it when the opportunity had.
I would like a sports jacket.
What will I see if you follow that road?
Sorry, I did not realize that you are coming today.
Do not blame you for anger.
I agree. I would like to search for accessories tomorrow.
I hear that the word "Ringcho" is used a lot in Japan. What do you mean ?
Renting rises and high shoes, please.
Do you have a pen?
You can stay in my house.
Can you connect this dress to a hotel after adjusting the length?
I am looking for dresses.
Can I return my seat back back, please.
I would like a UV filter.
great . I was looking for a taxi but that is better.
Happy New Year.
Great coat. Is it a British industry?
Do I pay an amount in advance?
Place it on the scale, please. The account is three dollars thirty -five cents.
Wrap this separately, put a tape on each of them, please.
Is there not a small bar?
Where is the nearest clothing store?
Do you have any other special products for your country?
Do you take cream?
I want to go to the Harvard Center. Can you tell me when we get there?
Does this bus go to Green Park?
Where do we meet?
I can't manage the key in my door lock.
Please give me three bottles of Scottish whiskey.
Can you wrap it as a gift?
This number no longer exists.
Old and two children, please.
Remember filling the car with gasoline before returning it.
How much is the gallon?
Would you bring me a coffee jug?
Can I stay and use the facilities for a longer period?
I am lost, do you know where A. with me . bad ?
Non -smoking section, please.
Give me a room key despite nine zero, please.
Do you take this card?
I put money, but nothing came out.
We want seats near the window.
Cute from you to give me your time.
Do you have a card on the hotel address?
I would like to ask for breakfast.
Do you have no other color shadow in this inscription?
There are two types, this and that.
What is the price?
No, I fear no.
I'd like room service .
Where can I register for international service?
The movie "War of Planets" was the most popular works in a thousand nine hundred and eighty -four.
Can I put my luggage here?
Sorry, the zipper of the pants is open.
Can some tools lend me, please?
Where is the non -smokers section?
The letter "T" as in Tom, yes, I have here, Taru.
not yet . Can you give us some additional minutes?
Did you tell me please about the transportation system here? I love to travel around the country.
How much time until we get to Sydney?
Where can take a bus to go to Boston?
Do you have the same earring but in other colors?
I want shampoo.
Economic class seat to Los Angeles, please.
How high is this mountain?
I think it is a wonderful view.
It is very wide on me. Can I try this?
I want some apples, please.
Sorry, would you have been working here for a long time?
Its repair will cost three hundred dollars.
O porter.
Why this line?
Do I need to book?
The flight of the British Airways plane has booked one of three to Paris on the third of July.
Is there a major area here?
How much is the cost by air mail?
I am in a hurry to go?
How do you gain your livelihood?
Can you release it?
Good . You will take it, but a small piece, please.
What is the benefit of this?
If you were sleeping when you offer the meal, do not bother me please.
Can you light up some money on New York?
Where is the American Airlines office limited?
I asked a cup of coffee again.
Can I send this registered?
Well, I inform your son that we have jazz music on Boubourne Street, and in clubs everywhere. As for you, what about one of these cruises?
This bridge is about twice longer.
Will it be exempt from the tax if you send it to Japan from here?
Can I talk to Mary?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Where is the missing office?
More ketchup and appetizers, please.
Take me to a doctor.
The toilet is clogged .
Can I get a schedule?
Thanks . Can I buy men's types there as well?
Yes, he can speak in both languages, but his secretary cannot talk in Japanese.
Can you make a temporary passport please?
Two strawberry candy.
I am looking for gum.
Do you want to register your bags even Las Vegas?
Can you bring me more?
It is cheap. Come on, I will give you five dollars or cents.
Hon on you. Try to remember.
I will order a large breakfast from the room service.
The lock does not work.
Hack twenty and one dollar. Keep the lake.
It will take fifteen minutes.
We will give you a temporary passport.
Coca is great.
My best wishes on the occasion of your promotion.
No, it's available.
I have a lot of time.
Sorry, I think there is a mistake in my bill. Can you check it, please?
Are there meals in the tour?
Oh, no. All stores are closed on Sunday.
Is this slope for beginners?
Fill me gasoline, please.
Do you know a gynecologist close to here?
Well, it's time at lunch. Do you like to discuss lunch?
Can you get it on tomorrow?
She is more beautiful than her sister.
The video recorder stole my room.
You cannot get cash backs at this airport. Put this version in an envelope and put it in this mailbox.
I got score (b) in all. What about you?
How long does the cuts continue?
Japanese tea, please.
Where can I buy leather products at a reasonable price?
Alo, my name Oda. I have a reservation tonight, but I will be late to come. For this, please leave me reservation.
Is this shoe solid?
Please tell him that I am waiting for his call.
No, but there is English and Japanese in your hearing.
Can I cancel my request?
I don't like this shape.
Would you send a porter to my luggage.
Twenty dollars for an hour, choose whatever you want.
O fastest subway or taxi?
They say the flu is spread there.
Would you work two copies here?
Well, it is not easy to explain to a person who does not play it.
Sure we have. It is a subject in a row there, do you see it? The notes are sold in abundance.
Will I need a homosexual?
It has just come.
Do you recommend a good, cheap restaurant near this hotel?
Sorry . The reservation is complete for tomorrow's evening.
I am with some friends.
I want some candy, please.
Give me a brief tour of the city, please.
You can give me a discount.
Can you stop at the night hotel?
Juru says, Mr. Yamada is two children.
no . With cream, please.
I thought it completely. What will I do?
Do you tell me that I cannot get a ride permit because the trip is seized beyond its capacity?
Please tell me one of the opera glasses. How much do you receive?
I hope you like this color and style.
Can you say that again?
I would like a trains.
I want to laid down on the London Tower.
I will be whiskey with snow cubes.
Can you give us your opinions around this point?
Do you bring your breakfast?
I want to book a table for dinner tonight.
Take . Keep the change .
I will go down at Alpha Hotel.
Why compact cylinders are much cheaper here?
The tariff is seventy -five cents. Please give me the right beak.
I love jazz.
Will the bags be examined separately in customs?
I would like to reserve a single room in your hotel for three nights from one July.
To "Grand Otlele".
But the sign does not say, "To the Golden Gate Bridge" we must ask anyone excuse. Is this the right station to go to the Golden Gate Bridge?
Please. Len a belts.
Yes, here is.
Yes . Can I help you?
Call the waitress in charge of this table, please.
I would like some alcohol intended for burning.
Can I continue to travel?
The area code is three. The phone number is two three three three zero zero.
Sorry . Is there any bridge near here?
Is there anyone to take care of it?
Take care of yourself.
I was satisfied, thank you.
Is it necessary to wear a jacket and tie?
Sorry, I want to use the comfort room.
Which chapter is the most beautiful in this country?
It is about twenty minutes away.
Can I order a cup of wine?
It is busy.
His clothes are always old fashion.
I will take you to your room.
I want to confirm my reservation.
It is better for you to conduct a comprehensive examination in a general hospital.
Alo, here is an external communication employee. What number do you want to call?
Next to the office of Singapore Air Airlines there.
Do you have sea food?
This does not work well.
This is somewhat costly.
I would like it, but I am afraid that I can't this time.
Can I take my key, please? The room number is one fifteen.
Well, I don't know yet, but I will definitely try.
Take this prescription to a pharmacy.
Can I take a seat on this corridor, please? We want a seat for non -smokers.
Salt, please.
Miss Yoshi Sawa. The number is three five six seven eight zero.
On behalf of Yamato Kojio, I must thank you very much for your kindness and help in managing this session to end with these good results.
I can't move .
Sorry. I am looking for this title.
My luggage has great damage.
Please use the measurement room there.
Where is the nearest entrance?
A single room with a bathroom, please.
I should avoid sugar.
A seat next to the window, please.
I want to book a table for two.
This looks fun. What are you waiting for?
Is this canceled from customs?
I want to set my watch. It delays about two minutes every day.
What a small world.
I want to rent some water skis.
Ninth dollar for the going ticket. Criticism or the card?
No, let me look first.
Can you give up the table for me, please.
Are there any fees?
Where is the field?
Thanks . We will wake you up at eight.
Can I replace it with a journey the closer day of the fifth?
And if "Ranji" will write the original plan and distribute it to the stakeholders to take their approval.
Sorry, but it is full of this time.
Do you have any agate rings?
How does the Japanese parents raise their children? Are they strict with their children?
Do you play with me?
Fill this recipe, please.
Can you tell me about working hours?
Call me when you have the opportunity to visit Tokyo.
This is the speech.
Do you have any tours to watch landmarks?
You will reach this personal computer, would you do?
Please wrap it separately.
I would like a video camera, please.
I am afraid that I can't pay more than sixty dollars per night.
You will take coffee with milk.
certainly . Fill this form and its signed, please.
It is better for you not to watch over the night.
What time should I return to the bus?
I have no thorn.
Do you have a trip to Las Vegas?
I can't move my left leg because it hurts a lot.
Where is the claim of luggage?
Would you put a little water in the Cuban?
I remember I took a picture in the restaurant where we had lunch.
I arrived here with a train that left London in the fifty -twelve minutes.
Yes, I did, when do you release it to me?
Do you have something light?
Good evening . How many people are in your party?
Please go.
Sorry, sir, but our reservations have been completed.
Would you please, please?
I want to go to the bathroom.
My stomach is heavy.
What is the inflation rate?
The Cincinnati Reds team loses three rounds.
Where is the snow ski area?
Yes, would I inform him that Norico Itoh had contacted?
Where can I pay the additional distance?
Where is the bus for this line?
I want some of Moses.
This looks good, where can we wait for you?
Can we start playing when they end?
Will I punish you for crying for no reason?
She fell from the ladder.
Wash this before tomorrow morning.
I want to go to fish.
It offers us high quality coffee.
Can you fix this shoe heels for me?
I want to know the time to leave my air flight.
It is exactly. Please, it's okay to take one.
Can we use the tennis canal this afternoon?
The population of Japan is about one hundred and twenty million.
Would you bring breakfast at eight in the morning?
Are you from here?
What kind of skin did this money portfolio made?
Fill the following items in the registration card.
Where can I get the bus to the city's public position?
Can I restore belongings?
You have two beautiful eyes.
Where is my seat, please?
I want a UV filter, please.
Can I see cheaper than this?
I would like a non -smoker table, please.
Is this your best quality?
What do you like my lady to drink?
Sorry, do you go to the twenty -seventh?
Sorry, where is the bar?
Thanks . Keep the change .
Well, I will summon you later, thanks.
Is there a stadium?
Do you have two tickets for the play "Beautiful and the Monster" on Wednesday?
Do you have a tour that takes an entire day?
When do we get to New York?
This is not a problem. We have put this kind of positions exactly in our accounts.
i have to go now .
I fear that only tomorrow.
Can you take me to the hospital?
Where is the nearest night pharmacy?
Will it be acceptable if we only take candy?
Well, let us examine everything comprehensively.
Traffic congestion was terrible in the Atogy region, right?
Do you have silk scarves? I am looking for a gift for my wife.
It is very wide.
The fish it means is Fuju. It has a poison in its liver and ovaries.
We will come now. What is your room number?
I thought this concert is really good.
Where is the luggage room?
Can I take pictures inside?
I can't manage it alone.
I have never seen such a spacious view.
I would like to see a bone practitioner (the backbone processor with pressure).
Yes . I did not feel that I was not well for two days.
I have diarrhea.
Why is lunch at three o'clock?
Friday is completely reserved until eight thirty.
Mr. Kobayshi was looking for you.
Would you like it, please?
Please tell me the names of some good restaurants.
I want to travel from Shanghai to Hawaii by the ship.
When can you release it?
Let me think about it. I will check in some other stores.
What about ten dollars for three?
I do not want to spend more than thirty dollars per piece.
Can you send anyone?
Can you change the Japanese yen here?
I think this is much better than that.
Can you prepare it by five in the evening tomorrow?
Please talk in Japanese.
I want a piece of chocolate, please.
Stand here, please.
This looks interesting. When does the tour start?
I booked a two -day car in Japan.
Can you tell me where I register for this trip?
Can you take my picture, please?
I want a character of this postcard, please.
It takes ten minutes on foot.
Can I rent a sarcophagus and helmet?
Can I take another wine?
Who built this?
Is the guarantee valid in Japan?
No, we do.
I wandered in Sydney.
Before we finish the work, would you give me a few minutes?
When will it come?
Sorry, would you bring me another fork, please?
Is there a mosque close to here?
Can I get it without a medical brush?
Don't I suggest that you choose this now?
I want to stay here tonight.
Where can I stop my car?
I am working in the field of media.
Thanks . Where can I get a phone card?
Free separate checks, please.
What kind of food do you prefer?
About thirty dollars.
I feel cold and hurt my stomach.
Would you draw a map?
You are widespread.
The number is two three three and one and one.
Whiskey and water, please. Do you have a snack with him?
How can I turn off the light?
Or, it's really beautiful looks very nice to you.
What is your destination ?
One ticket, please.
I hope the atmosphere remains like this.
I love visiting the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Lincoln Center, too.
After the hurricane, we usually have a autumn day.
Yes, this will be appropriate. How excessive drawing for double copies is?
How much should I wait to reach?
Police officers. We have an inspection order. Open.
Is it very busy today?
When is the break?
Can it be shortened by two centimeters?
I will see what I can do.
I must ride a plane in a second hour.
Thank you very much . This is a font change ticket.
somewhat . I went to the area.
I had my meals with coupons.
I want some thread.
Give me a medical certificate, please.
O lighter?
I would like to shorten it with one inch of this area.
I am just watching, thanks.
Two Hamburger and two cups of coffee, please.
We must really do something about it. I must return to Tomorrow Tokyo.
The tenth and eleventh of October, and the departure on the twelfth.
How much?
How is the water?
These are gifts for my friends.
When will it end?
I don't feel well. Please give me some medicine.
My thorn fell.
Absolutely I hope it will be suitable for me tomorrow, as well.
Should I wear official clothes?
I would like two tickets for the eight o'clock.
Sorry. Can you tell me when do you open?
Can I choose a Japanese newspaper, please?
Good . Can I leave the car anywhere? What are the car parking fees?
This ticket is not valid.
Thirty -five hours except for an hour for lunch. What about your company in Japan?
This tower is six hundred thirty -four feet.
I would like a stereo car, please.
Which bus goes to downtown ?
Do you mind looking at my draft after I finished it?
Well, I will send you the advertisement immediately.
You have a police report, right? What are your checks?
The line is cut.
Is there any fast train to Boston?
Where is the evidence?
Somo wrestling is the national sport in Japan.
When do you wear kimono?
Yes . I would like to use a visa card. The number is four zero, eight, one, five, two three, six seven seven zero zero four.
Do you have a size of sixteen of this, in red?
I want to fully insure.
Do you have a good trip?
What do you like to do?
Thanks . Is the atmosphere in London always this madness?
Please be my friend with the correspondence.
Please tell him to call me again as soon as he returns. Here are the number of three four eight, one, one three nine. Helon Hotel, Room twelve zero nine.
I will stay with a friend.
When is the National Basketball League Finals?
I don't like this type.
Which train is heading to Berlin?
I am very affected, I can't stay still.
The flower was broken by mistake.
Do I offer whiskey before or after soup?
Would you put this bag elsewhere?
We will follow the developments carefully after returning to Japan.
Can I download at the Hilton Hotel?
I want you to take it off.
Certainly don't worry, you assumed everything.
good . What about Japan?
Sorry, but the hotel is all reserved.
Is it allowed to photograph inside the museum?
He headed left in this street and then turned at the first right turn.
These industrial nails will extend your nails.
Well, good. I hope it does not happen again.
I want to know if this dishes can be shipped to Tokyo.
I would like a bubble bath.
I must go down. This is the wrong train.
I would like some physical strength.
My necklace is missing.
It may be an appendicitis.
Without it, please.
Would you tell me that?
What should I do when I return the car?
Why don't we talk to drink coffee?
Is there not spiced food, not very hot?
Is it close to reach it?
What is your distinctive dish?
It will end in one in the afternoon.
I want to cancel other dishes because it takes a long time.
Our Board of Directors? Yes, it has a cocktail. I want you to meet him, let's go.
Let a police call.
I am looking for a memorial to my mother.
Where is my site on this map?
maybe .
The car and the key were closed inside.
I say that your age is about fifty -five.
I want some cream for hands.
It is not allowed to turn right here.
Can you pass salt?
Is there a workshop close to here to repair cars?
This request is a mistake.
I intend to spend tomorrow shopping.
This is loved.
I want to go to Wall Street. How do I get there?
Yes, it's my first trip.
I would like to move to another room.
Will it be acceptable to add golf stick?
Where is the public store?
I left my bag in my seat. Would you search for me?
Dick meat sandwich. Reduce the steadfast, please.
I say that the summer here is not good.
What a lucky man. They found it in the front office, and they kept it there as a missing fame. Do we return to our drawers?
I want it half -cooked, please.
You have to pay an additional drawing when you leave the car.
How to connect the seat belt?
I call the guard.
It is full of nothing we can do.
Secret forward directly for the distance of two residential squares.
Call an ambulance quickly, please.
Sorry, when will the plane reach Tokyo?
Is this ticket still available?
Do you need a ink pen, or a pencil?
Do not trust this man.
Do you have a map of cycling?
Ten, madam. The red cards are hanging on the size of ten.
With a small beak, please.
Yes, we have. Do you like to read some Japanese magazines, as well?
Blessed, please.
Yes, it is. We call the rain season in Japan as "Tsuio".
Fill the tank, please.
Very much exercise hurts you.
I do not feel my Yemeni feet.
Of course, but there is no other double room per night.
Including breakfast, tax, and service drawing, the account will be five dollars per person per night.
What is the length I cut it? About this?
Should everyone come down?
Would you talk slower, please?
Can you repair this?
Is this the medicine that my family doctor prescribed to me?
It is said that the history, traditions and culture of a nation that appears on its national holidays.
Will this trip take off on time?
No, but you can ask for this number for help in Japanese. One eight hundred.
Let me look at this car.
Can you recommend a good store that sells archaeological watches, please?
Yes, I will mention that.
I would like an electrocardiotherapy, Fish and Braiz. The electrical voltage in this country is different from our country, as well as electrical appliances.
They were four young men.
Good evening . Hello .
I think I have a sprain at the bottom of my back.
I can't find your luggage.
Do you want to cut a little bit?
We want you to move to the foot of a. with me . bad .
Normal size, please.
My name is Chiba, room number three and forty -five.
We take twenty paid holidays per year.
My bags are not here.
On the occasion of talking about touch, the American man puts his hand behind the lady's back naturally.
Where is the food you requested?
Because I will prepare salmon fish in a Moner way.
Cute from you to contact my health.
I do not feel better.
It is tired to carry a lot of things from place to place, so I will buy my memorial on the last day.
The upper cinema will start a few minutes later. Do you like some refreshments?
Direct secret, please.
I'm from Morocco .
Is it safe to drink the water here?
Put the bag there and the large bag in the cupboard, please.
It does not help buy cheap things.
Here are your Tikkar and the confirmation paper for the hotel.
Send me a doctor, please.
I can spend every time period.
Thanks . This is all I need now.
Thank you very much . Your room number is seven twentys, this is your key. Our porter will carry your bags for you.
Take off your clothes and lie here.
Do you mind if you turn off the radio?
The reaction of the customers to the product was good.
I really want some hot water.
Let each of us pay himself.
Oh, let's. Only two dollars.
O waitress.
Would you change this dress with a larger size?
I took my young brothers to the zoo?
Good evening, we met again.
Just to remember. You know that we do not have this type of taxi in Japan.
Well, let's go. I can help you in your home duty after we eat some pizza.
Yes, Mr. Tanaka, there are two letters to you.
Can I take pictures inside the museum?
What kind of play does children play at the age of five or six in England?
I would like to book on Japanese Airlines flight number six to New York on the twelfth.
It does not suit me.
I frees this idea. If there are no objections, I would like to choose.
Tomorrow is another day.
How can I go there with a limousine bus?
The only remaining round of the day is the city's tour. All other tours are night tours.
Made in Italy?
Which line go to the London station?
Do you have children ?
Not your mistake.
Maybe I can help you. Do you need vitamin C?
This way, please. The sixth and seventh of this class.
Where is the circular slope?
No trick.
Can you send me publications about your new product?
Is this eight millimeter cinematic camera a gift?
I want a flash.
I would like to wake up, please.
Do you mean that you do not want to reach a compromise with them?
yes i will . When will we leave from here?
My name is Risa Kobayshi and the number in which I was erected is now two zero six five -five three, one six eight.
I want a pocket radio, please.
How long will you stay here?
It takes a few days.
My wallet was nascent on the train.
Good morning, sir. Do I help you?
I will arrive after dinner.
I will make a contract next week.
Five. I would like to include tables to each other.
This is an incorrect switch. Please give me three additional dollars.
I want to go down at the Central Station. Please inform me when we get there.
It is very far away. It is better for you to take a taxi.
Is it real skin?
Please summon a policeman.
Which club is the best in jazz?
I want a seat overlooking the corridor, please.
I live in an apartment rent eighty thousand yen per month.
I didn't understand .
I lost my handbag.
Can I take a packing box?
I would like a dry shampoo.
May I boycott you?
The climate is moderate.
Yes, I will definitely do. Please send my best greetings to Mrs. Kawakami, as well.
Show me a larger size.
Let me see how we weigh. The account is ninety -five cents.
Can you add lettuce and tomatoes?
Please call a taxi in the afternoon.
I entered a shrapnel in my finger.
How much does this cost in Japan?
It will reach Portland at noon.
It is very expensive for me.
Have you finished your lunch?
Would you like this to me?
Can you describe your goods?
Please put it in a bag.
Would you wait for me until I visit the cathedral?
Sorry. Do you mind the exchange of seats with me?
Let's change the ends.
It was better to fill and receive this customs form.
Can I borrow a pen?
I will take a tablespoon of coconut ice cream over a biscuit cone, please.
Do you like some drinks?
Yes, of course .
What is your name again, please?
Let me see it.
I came to take my photos.
Go to the side and turn left at the traffic light.
Please short the sleeves.
I have a light fever and also I have chest pain on the right side when I cough.
Do you prefer smaller or larger hair masks?
Twenty dollars in advance.
Where is the roulette table?
I want to go to the subway station.
We will arrive there at three thirty local time.
I want to go to the fifth road. What is the value of the reward, please?
I would like a single room in bathing eighty dollars, please.
Do I bring something to you?
Where is the nearest sweets store?
Oh, yes. I want to send that expulsion to Japan. It has an artistic piece, especially the indigenous population of Australia.
Yah, you are driving the car very quickly. Would you slow down?
Can you take red wine, please?
What is the room's wages?
Please give me those on the shelf.
I will take care of this table.
Wrap this separately.
It is very large in this place.
Good evening . Star Hotel. How can I help you?
I put two dollars to get Coca, but nothing came out of the machine.
Would you show me a place gathering in many young people?
Can I change the airline?
Can I spend some tourist checks?
I did not mean to hurt your feelings.
After taking off, we will tell you more about our service today. Currently, if we can make something to make your journey fun, please request it.
Please pray in the room number thirty -four.
Can you take me to a doctor, please?
Please show me the entire account.
I want to deposit my precious holdings in the hotel's treasury.
Food is cold.
Is there a good store for men's clothes?
This is everything.
It has been here three years ago.
I want to book a tennis court at three in the afternoon for an hour.
Every time I failed, succeed the next time.
Is this for children?
Well, the best fragrance is not very smell.
In my friend's house.
What can I do for you? Do you suffer from a problem?
Do you have a room available tonight?
How much does the return ticket cost?
Yes, but make sure you have t to be with you.
Sorry . We do not make any reservations.
Where should I get down?
Can you take me to the nearest police point?
The tax will get separately.
Where is the place that the majority recommends to visit?
Why don't you put a little pepper on it?
I would like some Italian food.
I want space
How much is the cost of sending it?
How much does the entry cost?
Hurai.
I will reach Los Angeles in the fifth.
I feel sharp in my chest.
It is a large blue Samsunite bag and has many stickers.
Can I resume my travel?
Well, tickets will be waiting for you in the stage of theater tickets. Thank you for contacting Broadway Ticket Ticket.
I think these numbers were not added.
We have a problem.
This plane is two hours late.
Is it possible to rain?
Sorry, but does this train stop in Baltimore?
The laundry that I was stuck in the bathroom was lost to dry.
Yes, thanks. I would like a cup of tea.
A few people will join the optional tour.
I bet ten dollars.
Tourist guide book.
Please show me how to do it.
I really like this coat you wear.
It doesn't matter . However, please take me to the Chinese neighborhood center. I will try to find it myself.
Do you know any impartial places to stay in Chicago?
About five thousand yen. Something for a young woman.
She occupies new people in April.
Please.
Where can I find a bulletin plate?
Would you please opened the door for me?
Two whiskey with water, please.
What is in fashion now?
Is there a break?
He would like to kill me. See, a lion is known. Go to the bathroom, open a window and wait there.
Yes, sir Peru Jino on the western side.
Do you keep this cup here?
Please leave the hotel before nine.
I'll take the grilled vegetable soup and slices, please.
Who is playing?
Where do I find the subway?
Please show me another color.
Is there skiing at night?
I want to book a night room.
After you end with the police, please call me again to give you the other numbers you need.
It is swelling and there is pulsed pain.
Can you contact me if you found my bag?
Please charge it on this address.
To the left, please.
This cylinder operator does not work. I want to retrieve my money.
It is beautiful.
Oh, I would like it.
This is Mr. Yamamoto, a thirty -five room. People in the adjacent room make a sensation. I want to change the room.
Do you have something narrower?
How long will we make the duration of this contract?
A cup of Staples.
How much is the license cost?
How much is this currency?
I have the pain of the course.
Would you stand with me to take a picture?
As usual.
I have been hit.
It is long.
no . Do you like to report it?
To the beautiful bride Susan, good luck.
Sorry, madam. Your handkerchief has fallen.
In the air mail, please.
Do you want a seat next to the window or next to the corridor?
Hello . Do you tell me how to get tickets for today's match? We are staying in Manhattan now.
This age in the forefront hurts me.
On any section of (any) you are going!
Thanks . I am going to a party.
I want a film for this camera quickly, please.
What are the latest computer games for a fifteen -year -old boy?
Would you summon a doctor, please?
not really . But I have a light headache.
Is there a big party for jazz music?
I came here to conduct marketing research.
Please see what you can do for me.
Can I invite you to lunch?
Visa.
We will see tomorrow.
Is there a cheaper restaurant near here?
I want some washing powder.
No, but thank you. I feel better.
Do you have any bread?
What is the level of your skill in playing violin?
Certainly, I said: Do you know Mr. Huait?
Thanks for the advice. I will try it next time?
Do you suffer from sensitivity to certain drugs?
No, thanks.
I slipped my friend and fell into the bathroom.
I would like a cigarette extinguisher.
I do not think for you. It is a great idea.
Please run the air conditioner.
I would like a metal water bottle.
Christianity was banned and the country was closed for the rest of the world.
Would you like some good places to visit them during the day?
Can I rent a guide today?
From which part of the United States are you?
Please transform this money into pounds.
This is dependent on the length of the trip.
What amount do you want?
Would you take off your clothes until your waist?
I am from Israel.
Ah with two olives sprayed.
Where do I get textbooks?
Shrimp mixture for her, as well as me.
I was shocked by a car.
We want an absorbent please.
The refrigerator is broken.
The data of this form is fulfilled, then prepared it by fax to it.
See you soon .
Is this the train berth for Paris?
Hey, you . This was a mourning for my secret.
Wonder, are there still "army" parties?
But the names of the stations are often written in Japanese. Therefore, it may be difficult to understand.
What does the worm make in a wheat field?
What do you want ?
Thank you very much, but would you tell me the day you intend to do so?
I think you sat on my seat.
Hello, you made your signature here and the first letters of your name here?
In that case, I will not have time.
Sadri has gone out to visit your main headquarters, as well as what happened between us. Thank you very much for your cooperation.
For non -smokers, please.
I want to go to Manhattan, how much will it cost me?
Please decorate a suitable restaurant for us, and set it over the map.
You have to cross another gate if you want Xinkansin sidewalks.
Where is the movie theater?
It is Kimoto.
Would you bring me to someone who speaks Japanese?
Four days.
Let me count it. That will be fourteen and fifty.
The date of riding a United Erlets flight plane is delayed by seven five. Please wait ten minutes.
Well, I will buy it.
Your cover is annoying.
Does this price include tax, service and breakfast?
Its color does not like me at all. Is it possible to return it?
Get out of that door, and wait at the sixth station.
Redted chicken, please.
Let me talk about meal times in this house.
I suffer from high temperature.
Have you finished performing your duties?
May I have some peppers?
Let's call it.
Yes, I want something that I read.
I intend to spend the summer vacation this year in Europe.
There must be people from all over the world in this place.
Where is this play currently being shown?
Give me the check, please.
It consists of three slices of chicken as well as with roasted potatoes and mixed vegetables.
The adjacent room is very noise. Would you warn them to that?
He collided with me.
Do not worry about this aspect. We will take care of it.
We want a place for about thirty dollars for a person.
Excuse me, tell me what is this category in the menu?
Please tell me what is the cheapest "disco" in this city.
Show me how to use the phone.
It is a card key. You can keep it.
When does the museum open please?
I want to go to a classic concert.
What are the common forms now?
I am Mr. Takhashi in Chamber No. Five and forty. Please send four bottles of bodfizer beer.
I want something of pork.
How much will it be with the portfolio.
Please excuse. It is the second door on the left.
Yes, we have a address guide and the city guide.
Please keep my valuable things in your closet.
Take care.
faster . Let's go, would you need calm, madam? Please, sir, please. Thanks . I stay here. Take your comfort. please . We want two other bottles from Wildi Turki.
I froze my limms from the cold.
Please inform her that I would like to meet her tomorrow.
I will stay with my friend.
Where is this guide?
This food seems delicious.
Ten dollar gasoline on the three pump, please.
My packages include this optional trip
How can I go to that place? Do you mind drawing a map?
I will think about it. Thanks .
I should beware that someone will cheat for me from the small units.
These are seventy dollars.
The popularity of foods that experts interfere with these days increases.
It was fun. Thanks .
books . How long will it take to Japan by air mail?
My hand was wounded.
Please call me at the hotel when you find my bags.
What do you say on Tuesday?
Are you arranging half daily trips?
I do not understand English well. May I speak to Japanese?
Hello, my name is Mori. I have a seven o'clock.
I am waiting for my friend.
I am from Russia.
I would like a call to wake me at eight and grade tomorrow morning, please.
What is your request? Do you want a drink?
Please. Bring me to Mr. Tanaka in the room of eight twenty?
More toast, please.
I want to rent a "Rakit" racket.
You want a or tea coffee after the meal.
Can I stop the road?
What kind of meat?
Is it enough for a hundred dollars?
It is a huge leather bag.
Yes, but this is very much, and it has already been satisfied.
How can I go to the museum?
I would like to wash the mouth.
I feel brewing.
Yes, give me Coca -Cola.
Confucius lived in the fifth century BC.
Serious one for me, please.
Are you making big discounts?
Is it made of leather?
I will be in the next number throughout the evening, two two three seven seven.
We have instant soy soup.
Tokyo zero, three times, nine four, five, six seven.
How common is the bed to sleep in Japan?
In New York.
When can I receive the pictures.
It is very tight in this place.
The film is very quickly. Can I direct the movie?
Ask a cabbage salad outside the store, please.
Can we play now?
Thanks for this.
In the elites of our friendship.
Please, what is the station before New York?
You are joking, right?
It seems that I cannot continue with my room colleague. It is always smoking. I cannot bear it.
Is there a concert tonight or tomorrow's night?
Excuse me at the time of leaving.
Seven Corridor.
I know that the Hamburger in this place is delicious.
We feel overwhelmed because you were able to do so.
Halo. I am the international call worker. What do you want to request?
Would you close the air conditioner?
Do you object to another color?
It is Kimura K. M. and R.
Please about this into US dollars.
I want to find the entrance.
Can I get the medicine that is in the prescription?
Is the clarification indicated in English?
As well, help me find the zoo.
Please chocolate.
I came to receive my lost bag.
Would you tell me how to modify it, please?
When will the bus round end?
This is a seafood restaurant. Isn't it?
What way to ask?
What way to go out?
Is this Caside Limited?
Show me how to use the phone.
I want this, please.
certainly . We have some beautiful American brands. For books.
What is the emergency number?
The breadth seems somewhat narrow. Is this fine?
Would you like something else?
When should I enter?
We have a special offer on apple pies for fifty cents.
I want a pillow and a blanket, please.
Eight o'clock, as well.
See you soon .
My trip, one zero, three zero on the tenth of March.
On what floor we find restaurants?
Sorry!
How can I get to the nearest post office, please?
Show me the descent card, please.
I booked at the airport.
Is the era of a lemon?
How can I get to the post office?
Show me the price list, please.
We are together.
The world is small, right?
Please give me two air messages.
What is your phone number, please?
We can visit us at any time.
I hope you accept this a symbol of our appreciation and gratitude.
What is the size of centimeters?
We booked a table for the ninth hour. My name is Sato.
The edition has run out.
They meet in restaurants.
Are taxis cheap?
truly ? It is kind to you to say that.
I would like a Japanese -speaking operating worker.
Would you bring me a taxi in the morning?
What is the end of work?
Isn't I buy a quarter of a pound of meat?
truly ? Thank you very much . I would like to borrow a few books to read it during the holiday. It is enough for three books.
Give me breakfast number two.
In this case, you should go to the claim office, please, with the claim card.
Is there a sleep room?
It is somewhat wide for me. Was it a smaller size experience?
What is the postal cost to Japan by air mail?
Is it possible for me to boycott you?
I am Mr. Watanabi in the room of six zero seven, I will leave at about nine thirty. I send me a person with my bags, please.
Isn't it possible to practice ice skiing in Monakia at this time of year?
Do you have a railway card?
I used to practice karate while I was a school student.
To arrive there before one and a half.
How many hours does the train trip take?
Well, in front of me about five minutes.
We are interested in fashion.
Are there historical sites in this place?
Can you drag my car?
The time now is half fifth. In front of you thirty minutes to leave.
Do you like this place?
There is not enough paper to write.
What is the date for your completion of that?
What gate will be?
I want to book a group of five people at sixth tonight.
Is this an F clinic?
Yes, but we ask you to draw the delivery.
You can buy it from the furniture department on the third floor.
I am from Asia.
Is this the bus that brings me to Japanese Airlines?
I would like to book on the bus.
Please remove this spot.
Really, wonderful. We want to book three people.
I want the timer, please.
Well Dave, Mark Sashkon and Rumi will attend the ceremony.
I want potato chips, equal to fifty dollars, please.
Hi, Lady Yamaguchi? Your team on the line. I accepted your invitation. Please continue.
It is better to take a bus.
I will arrive at about seven in the evening.
What kind of seasoning do you want?
I want to go to a real restaurant in New York that does not exaggerate the costs.
I will reach the hotel on the eighteenth of September.
I would like a map of the slope please.
I would like a sample of your stool.
Wonder, the Japanese did not act in this non -social form?
We do not have another option. This place is suitable.
In the case of fees exempt, cross through a green inspection table.
Please repeat it again.
Unfortunately all the single rooms are reserved, but we still have a few double rooms.
I completely understand it.
Where can I buy a coupon delivery ticket?
What are the papers to be submitted to rent a car?
I had a car accident.
Do you have a return ticket?
I feel a headache.
When do we get to Los Angeles?
Do you have Dunlah?
Can you recommend a cheap type of alcohol?
A secret in the same direction is about five minutes and then wrapped to the left.
You are supposed to participate.
Is there a place where you can buy some drinks from it?
It has just reached the airport.
Can you empty this before the night?
More information about this point you can review the twelfth page of the report.
He was supposed to return to the house before the tenth.
dry .
Yes, prefer to sit.
Can you suggest some places that can be visited and then return on the same day?
It is on this way in the direction of the beach.
No thanks. I will go to the doctor.
This herbal tea helps the body restore its activity.
You did not make this in Japan, right?
This ring is beautiful.
I would like to get this.
When will the showroom open?
I haven't decided yet.
We will take this.
I want to reduce, please.
I was very neglected. Please excuse me.
Do you want a white dress?
Can you call a hotel of the same degree to find a room for me?
Show me, please, how to meet the lost travel bags data.
When was it built?
I will tell you as soon as I got there.
Good . Take this trend. Please, I will reach you to your room.
Is it easy to get there?
We can now invite you to sit.
Sorry, which methods lead to Akasaka.
She is bleeding in abundance.
Where can I buy written tools?
I don’t know what it will be in America.
Please send a preposition to fifteen Baker Street.
I have influenza.
Show me an area with signs design.
You are joking.
Do you open on Sundays?
An accident occurred.
Al -Masaad resigned down, and you will find the office there directly.
I want to retrieve my value, please.
Is Dr. Topler is a firm teacher?
Show me another class?
I have to leave the hotel before noon.
Can you stop in front of Liberty?
My stomach is now full. Can you bring it after half an hour, if you suit it?
Can I pay this card?
I intend to stay a few days.
Pork should be fresh, as you know.
I want to look at this blouse.
Fix it well, and in an apparent place.
Please search two bags.
Is there a room to change clothes?
Are Messi shops open today?
I want to clean these steam clothes.
We want two Hamburger and two coffee, please, we want to eat it outside the store.
I want to book two seats at the day party on Tuesday.
I made a mistake. I can get a new one.
What is this "Fake"?
I will eat my food here.
Can you show me how to use the pump?
Is there here a currency transfer office?
Yes . We can rent you rackets and golf shoes.
Or, look young.
Our product is lighter and smaller than the products of our competitors, but it is nevertheless more than eight percent of it.
Can I continue to carry these two bags?
My device for remote control is disrupted.
Where are the photo books?
What can I get there?
It depends on the circumstances.
The usual price is thirty -five dollars, and today there is a reduction of twenty -five percent to stop the price at twenty -six dollars and twenty -five cents.
Do you sell it separate?
I asked for meat, not thick. Can you change this?
Four oranges.
Where can I take a bus to Chicago?
I have no knowledge yet.
I would like to play "tennis".
It is for my husband.
I can't close the door.
The shrines in Greece were historical.
My child has suffered extreme fatigue.
We will show a movie after a moment. Please drop the window curtains.
Yes . These colors are shameful.
I feel nauseous.
I will turn to the United Airlines for safety.
This jacket is not sterile.
I would like to meet Mr. William.
Would you give me one of these new dishes?
It has a seven seven vitamins and minerals.
The "Sunnah" is disturbing.
Yes, but it is necessary to add "by air mail" in this place if you want to send it by air mail.
If you allow me to show your identity card or your passport.
It is a offer to Camellia. It has been very popular in recent times.
Yes, but just one drink.
Can you recommend us a good type of alcohol?
Tifaniz. You mean the jewelry store?
Three dollars for one.
I would have to have to cancel, but it is not with our hands.
Where did you mislead the way?
Do you not see the few who are attractive around us?
Would you bring me envelope and some writing paper?
It is my father.
Good . Please give this customs declaration card to the employee at the exit gate.
You only have to press this button.
Let's call it.
Will I recover what I spent upon my return to Japan?
Cute weather today.
Good . One moment. Do you want it normal or strange?
Thanks . What kind of jobs do you do?
That is the man.
Will I have enough time to convert to BE, three nine?
What are the components of this dish?
Let's go.
Can I take this with me now?
In which countries have made this.
Please send one of the servants to my room.
This is what I prefer for myself. I hope you like.
Can you finish it after ten minutes?
I would like to attend a night concert. Book me, please.
I spent a large amount of money on shopping.
I am not good at English. Are there Japanese talking here?
Let me buy a drink for you.
We want a doctor, please?
Who can I get a knock on the metro ride?
Can you recommend a good restaurant near here?
Who are you talking about on the phone?
How many entrance expenses?
You may be attempting to attack, especially if you approach the buildings?
I like to watch sports programs on TV.
I can lower my seat?
We do not need a porter. Thanks .
Do you want to rent a stretch or a cart?
I want to convert yenat into dollars. What is the exchange rate today?
This train stops a short pause at E.
Please suggest a hotel.
Can I get a picture with you?
Mickey Hayawa.
What is the age of Japan?
Let's dance.
We will send you twenty additional samples.
I look young, although I have exceeded thirty.
Take me this place, please.
Halo, is the shop open today?
Next to the corridor, please.
I do not think that suits me, so I some somewhat dry.
Can you deposit this in the trust box?
Yes, stop in that place, please.
I want to cancel my reservations tonight.
I want a drug for indigestion.
Can I get a schedule, please?
The current of strength so that it is not allowed to dive using the breathing tube?
Do you mind taking a picture with us?
I would like to subscribe to a trip to watch the watercourse?
I am severe pain.
Yes, I think I will look.
Do you not have any gifts or valuable things?
Does this train go to Tokyo?
We want a sweetening cherry, coffee, please.
I would like orange juice, please.
Halo. Are you Mr. Ono?
I got out of Tawha.
Ninety -nine dollars per hour for the child?
Sorry, this variety has been carried out.
Show us our seats, please.
Please, wake me up at seven in the morning tomorrow.
It must be calm.
I have my own equipment.
I want the room key five zero three, please.
I am from North Ireland?
The required amount, Madam, is one hundred and twenty -five dollars.
I am afraid that I have left my things on the plane.
Do you accept dealing with Master Card?
What went there for there?
please . Give me the bill.
The number is zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero, and my name is Mihu Suzuki.
Is there a good restaurant overlooking a nice view near here?
Here is my card.
I would like to find a government job.
Does the train to Chicago leave from the pavement five.
I would like to borrow a breathing tube diving device, please.
Does this risk go directly to Seattle?
When is the movie "The Man of the Last Station"?
Where is the barber?
From this way, please. Any other service?
I am looking for my friends.
Well, then you must introduce you to the truth of our feelings in this place. We do not accept the strangers to give us the ways about the way we live in our lives.
At seven o'clock, please.
The use of colors is beautiful.
Thanks . Your name, Mr. Richard Pullman.
Please inform my family.
I destroyed my bag.
To see features.
Please clean the window.
On the fifteenth day of July.
I hurt myself.
Well I want a semi -boiled egg, I mean an egg that has not been completed, please.
This dress is exactly on me. Can I measure it?
When is the first half?
I did not ask for this type of cheese.
The line has been cut. Can you return the line to me?
What is your name, please?
I want to have a chicken chicken on the chicken fighting game.
What should I see in Chicago?
Is it possible to convert it into a smaller "fruit"?
I am from Spain.
Do I have to do eye examination?
Your name, your credit card number and its end date.
It has an impressive array of bronze.
What is in front of the Brooklyn Bridge?
Thanks for staying with us, sir.
Can I get three hundred dollars in cash with this check?
I agree to that proposal.
Who dances.
Can I dance with you?
There is something wrong with this key card, give me others, please.
Will I have to change the train?
For two people on the seventh, right? Give me your name, please.
My knee hurts me.
There is a rash on my arms.
How much is the nearest seats?
Where is the pain in it?
Do you have hours filled manually?
Do you have any other model?
I hope you send this by air to Japan.
He fainted my friend, he lost consciousness, can you call the ambulance immediately? !
What are the cheap and good items?
Where is the nearest pharmacy?
Five in the morning tomorrow?
Do you offer Japanese food?
More wine, please.
It is also. By the way, what is this?
I want to join a diving school.
People are very friendly.
Do I have to pay any amount for cancellation?
How many drinks does the price cover?
I managed to achieve this.
Which roads lead to the gate thirty -five?
I'd like a drink .
Where is the plane ride gate for this flight?
Do not eat anything excessive or cold.
I suggest to change your clothes and then return, sir.
The panel number is zero, one one.
If this is possible, book a table near the window, please.
See you soon .
Can I move to another vacant seat?
We would like to reserve a table for two people on the seventh of this night.
We meet tomorrow.
I will search for it in this book.
Did a lot of snow fell this year?
How many of these seats?
Have you already announced the necessity of boarding the plane?
Halwa. Please sit.
What train do you intend to take?
What is the cost of a large Karvan vehicle?
Where can I catch this taxi?
We are at a height of twelve thousand feet.
Is there not a mistake in the bill?
I was booked in Tokyo. Can you make sure of that again, please?
I suggest a shave or decorative clamp.
This is not my signature.
My throat pain extends to my ears.
Initially, we would like to watch Wall Street.
I need a sole inside the shoe.
Where is the bus station that you mean to Oxford?
I will wait for it to be seated in the terrace.
I will arrive late, but keep my argument, please.
We will go to the village of Fishermann tomorrow.
I am pleased to meet you.
I would like to tell you something.
I want a double room, please.
Its floor with the arrival station.
I always feel a disorder in my stomach.
The most difficult of last year.
Can we take a look at skin conservatives?
Tonight, cold.
with you ? Can you write the cost on a piece of paper?
Can I book a seat on the next trip, please.
Can I return the car in another location?
Do you have sleep bags?
It is somewhat narrow for me. Do you have these shoes measuring five and a half.
Can I get a five -dollar category leave?
Continue in the same direction on this street. It is on your left.
Show me your price list, please.
Sorry. I want something else, please. The best table near the window.
I am looking for Mr. Jones. I will tell him about very important.
For two days.
Does this car go to Chicago?
Is there an alternative to the canceled trip?
I don't like it. Please do not add any tingling.
Do you want another bottle of wine?
We have excellent red wine.
Do you have a stimulant for travel.
Let's watch TV. It has a Bessoul match.
Goodbye now.
Is there a souvenir shop near this place?
You can use this ticket for all trains.
The best mechanism.
I entered the currencies, but I didn't get anything.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
When do we meet again.
Please tell me the people who should be informed in the event of accidents.
I will stay in a hotel, but I haven't reserved yet.
But do not worry. You can go down at the next station and then return back. The distance is not long.
Can you write your address in this place?
I want to smooth smooth, please.
Please tell me where is the closest pharmacy.
I want to catch my friend.
The wound has been suppressed.
International exchange.
It means dropping the costs of damage caused by collision. Without it becomes responsible for any damage to the car.
I have become a key.
I want to clean my teeth.
We are on a group trip. Therefore, the guide's guide keeps all our tickets.
Sorry . Please inform my greeting to your colleagues, especially Mr. Ouamoto.
Do you have something to eat on the way?
Good . We are here in the museum. You only have to continue the road, and after two buildings you will find there in that respect.
This is Haruko. Guess what happened. It was a funny thing.
Please tell me about the way to the Hilton Hotel.
To a hotel, please, the title of a hotel in this paper.
He stole a nicker in the place of tax -exempt commodities.
How many provinces there are in addition to Tokyo?
It's okay, thanks.
Good . This looks funny. What about two o'clock on Saturday?
I think it is better to rent a taxi that can stop a taxi in front of the hotel.
What color do you prefer for your tape red or blue?
The car tried to make an emergency damage to the left.
I hope you keep these bags for a week.
Stay on the line and wait for a moment, please.
Sorry, our house will be very crowded tonight.
Do airport buses come a lot?
The next person.
Three two three, one, two, three four.
Can you recommend a ballet?
I haven't taken my meal yet. Can I now?
Can I book a table?
What do you do usually at home after dinner?
I am afraid that this is not possible now. One hour is the first next trip.
I can do this myself.
certainly . When would you like to play golf?
I want a call from person to person.
Where is the map?
You will be at home around the three.
I don't want to go.
I wish you a happy time.
Here is your bags.
Is this doll for sale?
I want to call the Japanese embassy.
I would like a rosary.
We will start with passengers of children with children, then travelers with special needs and then first -class passengers.
Mixed coating, please.
Certainly prefer.
Which of these is the best gift for a fifteen -year -old girl?
Are there any trips for the famous star of the stars?
Please send this telegram.
Who called if you occur in a problem?
It is a huge orange -colored Samsunite bag made of plastic.
Increase me a little.
Where do you leave buses to watch the landmarks?
Who describes the atmosphere?
How much do you receive a price to send to Japan?
Dental pain is severe and difficult to tolerate.
I have no rackets or shoes.
I am in Britain Intercontinental Hotel, the number one zero, three zero.
How much is the air telegram tariff please?
I have a virus.
Certainly it is four seven nine four zero.
I feel more like eating than drinking?
Can I take some cream?
So the error is wrong, right? I have to go to the bathroom, excuse.
I would like to shop. Where is the downtown area?
Would you teach me how to go there?
You can ride the number one elevator or the elevator number two.
Give me your wallet.
I must find the gate.
When I returned to my room, my camera had disappeared.
The weather is very cold.
How can I have a diving license?
Give me a cigar.
It depends on any of the seasons of the year in which you visit the place.
I want to go to sleep directly.
Give me some nuts, please.
Bring me three of these, please.
Great, great. Wonderful to see you, Ray. You may be heading to the other direction. Do not feel alienated. By the way, this is a beautiful jacket.
Do you accept the Japanese Balin?
I think it will return in the range of thirty minutes.
Car manufacturing is the main industry in Japan.
Would you give me a message?
Let me see. This is the neighboring city.
Do you have a Stang car?
Is it not allowed to swim here?
How long will it go before preparing another?
Something that I must urge with him. Please ask him to call me as soon as he returns.
The light is disabled in my room.
Will we jump from here?
Your performance will improve next time. Do the practice?
Does any of you speak Japanese?
Did King Beng Pengin Pengin played in Hong Kong?
Where is the shower room?
How long will you spend here?
In the opinion that the recruitment system is good and bad at the same time.
I must go to the station now.
I would like to visit the areas associated with writer Joyce.
No need for this, thanks, I will take this.
Are you offering any discounts?
I came to take a car. This is the reservation number.
I recommend fragrance or lucid.
Please show me your customs form.
He will take over the cashier that you see there.
How many times should I repeat this to your ears?
I requested the place designated for non -smokers. Can you give me another seat?
Please refrain from eating stimulants.
Please from here. Is this table suitable?
The phone picked up twenty cents.
I will go down here.
Where is Bir al -Salam?
Where are the canned goods?
When will we fall?
I want to see if they are different here.
Mr. Kawai, we have a table for you now. Please from here.
No, I left his phone number at home.
One ticket for Washington, please. How long does it take to the bus?
Certainly, get down the stairs there and you will find some guidelines so follow it please.
These are varieties of sandwiches.
Sorry, I have to do so. I must order a car rental office.
Front office. Can I help you?
Would you download me at the Helon Hotel, please?
Does it have to work so much to work until late?
Call the Japan embassy, ​​please.
What is the number you please.
I have acute leather inflammation.
I want to go to Philadelphia tomorrow. When can I find a train?
Would you change these combustion candles, please?
Tell me, where is the fourth office in the second vehicle?
Do you still have tickets for the Bulls and Magic party on January 10?
I feel tired and bored of sitting long on the plane.
Very sorry, we have no more. What about English newspapers?
Would you please save these bags?
Where is the best nightclub in San Francisco?
I think it is a good idea. Always opinion is that museums are the best that can be started to get to know a country. Well, where should we go? I have heard that there is a great exhibition for the American Indians at the District Museum.
A hundred non -smokers please.
Would you tell me before we got to Derham?
I've lost my passport . I need a new passport.
We will wait for you tomorrow, Miss Tanaka.
I will take two.
Twenty editions, please.
I would like to make a call to Tokyo.
Would you give him first aid?
I want to book three people at seven o'clock.
What is the story of this castle?
Would you tell me how to fill the immigration card please?
What are your hobbies?
When should we return?
Is it so fresh?
Please leave me alone.
This is not true. You always treat me.
What is the meaning of Oh-bon.
Would you show me some dresses?
Where is the ticket cutter?
This is my reservation confirmation number.
How can I reserve?
A billion yen is divided into a hundred and twenty yen equivalent to eight million dollars.
Surprise the word, please?
A moment please. I fear, sir, that Mr. Okawa has gone for lunch. Do you want to leave a message to him?
What are you suggesting to take it as a souvenir from France?
Thank you . I wish you the same thing.
Sorry, all seats are reserved on the twentieth of March.
Alcohol started me.
Watch out because the weather in the mountains is very volatile.
We prefer to eat dishes within thirty pounds for a person.
Do you have any special types of cocktail?
Is it suitable if you pay a high financial category sheet?
How much does that tour cost?
Congratulations on your promotion to the position of general manager.
Even if you are not very impressed by the "poet Avon, the slave", there is no doubt that you yearn for the ideal countryside and the sites associated with his person in his country.
I am late now, please send the porter?
What is the benefit of this line here?
Yes, wine, please.
The total will be as much as this three times.
We have remaining seats in the balcony and to the right of the hall.
Please two seats on the ninth train heading to New York.
I would like a sandwich and some orange juice, please.
Is it possible to use tourist checks and a Japanese yen currency?
Would you wait for me here? I will return after a few minutes.
Sorry, I was achieved from service management and missing management and I did not find them with them.
I live close to here
This shoe is very narrow on me.
This is the number of twelve.
Can I send this in the style of public transport?
The lyric plays are very popular in Japan at this time.
It is difficult to find this place. It is on a narrow road that branches from the main road.
These are some headphones.
In general, (a) means excellent, (b) means good, and (c) means normal, and (d) means weak, and (e) means failure, and (and) means incomplete. Some schools add a sign and excess to these letters.
I would like to print two copies of this negative image, please.
How do I get there?
What is the benefit of that thing?
I don't know anything about this.
We can talk about this topic in a café.
Old get a lamp.
When does it end?
I understood, in this case, I do not have to pay the reward for the replacements, right?
Economic car for a week. How much does this cost?
Can children go on the trip without accompanying their adults?
Where can I smoke?
My mother made cakes.
Do I give him the message?
I think a meeting like this gives us a good opportunity to know and understand each other personally.
Thanks . The account is eighty dollars and fifty cents with the tax. Please pay the treasury employee.
What is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Hello . Is this the front office? I am in the room one zero seven zero. I have to file a complaint.
Please inform him that Shimada has called and I will visit him on Friday.
Good. Please reserve a first -class seat on the train that leaves ten o'clock tomorrow.
Give me the phone factor, please.
Goodbye, call me tonight.
Do you take a picture with us?
Do you think I can regain my money?
I would like to retrieve my precious personnel, please.
I prefer to take a simple cooking meat slice.
This is an automatic camera.
I would like to get two copies with a bleak background of these negative images, please.
Allow me. On what floor is the women's section?
how old is he ?
Where do you live?
Here is your bill .
The tropical variety is good, as it contains mint and its taste agrees with the meat slice.
It's a game.
This is my first diving.
I wrapped it on my face.
I prefer to sit at the front of the plane.
Please check the backup frame, as well.
Yes, I think he is walked well this season.
I cannot lion the drainage opening in the bathtub.
Do you like to come to our party tonight?
Where is Mary's clothes located?
The best room with two beds overlooking the ocean. What is the price of that room?
Double whiskey cup. please .
Which material is that?
Uh, to the Kingsport College for Women, please, driver. Well, they will not succeed. They will not be able to boycott the board of directors, this is non -democratic.
Is there a doctor who speaks Japanese?
My masters, before taking off, we ask you to close all electronic devices, including automatic computers, integrated cylinder operators, cell phones, and electronic games. Please stop using any of them until ten minutes after take off.
Oh, this is wonderful. I love their voice. What about you, Bob?
Can I know your name, date of departure and flight number?
Where are the Chitaki mushroom plants?
Can you give me a opponent?
Clean the room, please.
Can you go down the saddle, please?
Is there a store here?
Can I refuse you tonight?
Thanks for your judging all this time talking to me, Karen.
Is this the appropriate train to reach Grand Central?
Good . You will only take two. Thanks .
Here is your bill . The account is seventy -nine dollars.
You are lucky.
This is not what I asked.
Yes, I think I had to take the loaf of the meat.
Does this breakfast include dinner?
I want to go to the World Trade Center?
Allow me, where can I buy tickets for Broadway?
This airport is very beautiful. I imagine that you are proud of it.
I feel sharp pain in my stomach.
Yes, I will take the Martin Cup, with appetizers.
Cute atmosphere.
Would you tell me when we get there?
Please choose a gentle night -view table.
I hear that tuberculosis is common there.
What is inside that?
Is this made automatically or manually?
I would like to rent this model of cars for twenty -four hours.
The heater does not work and the room is very cold.
How much does a single day ticket cost?
Good . So I prefer to go to wait in the bar.
I came here last time in two years. Have you enjoyed your flight?
There are a lot of hot springs, because we have a lot of volcanoes.
What is the ticket price to London?
I want to get an electric link.
I would like to eat orange juice? Toast, fried eggs, coffee, please.
Good . I have finished .
How nice it was to meet you.
Yes, they have a branch pen and pick the buds to improve the view of the trees.
I think we can get a table within about fifteen minutes.
Hassan, thank you.
Where did I go down to the museum?
Apply, please.
I have a severe headache. Do you have good doctors near here?
After three o'clock.
Do you keep my precious property?
She paid thirty dollars for my shirt.
Can you send me some aspirin?
Where is the box?
Please without your credit card number.
It is torn.
Which category of whiskey is required?
Did you know the name of that station?
Please do not discourage the speech because the pictures are inside.
Well, golf is part of our business as part of the entertainment.
This is the menu for you, sir.
This is your passport, ticket and ride permit.
Well, let us look at you.
Oh, the time is very late. I think I should leave.
Can I use this bag of goods?
Between eighty -seventy dollars is an appropriate amount.
Personal call to Tokyo, Japan, please.
No thank you . I took my sufficiency.
I want a jacket, please.
Well, imagine how he would be a long time if he asked another question for everyone. Come on, let's accelerate and bring our bags. We have to go to customs to announce our purposes after that.
Do I need a ride card?
Do you want the five hundred dollars, right?
It would be useful if you can increase your productive capacity.
Are you not busy next Saturday evening? I would like to invite you to the first anniversary party.
I want some veal meat.
I need a big car
You are wrong.
Please take me to a hospital where they understand Japanese.
What do you see the best?
We will leave this afternoon. Do we have time to take a tour of the city?
Kimono is not suitable for people with activity.
Well, we will be there eight.
This is very bad. I must be in Los Angeles on Friday morning.
Are you Australian?
Where is the entrance?
Would you check the brake oil?
Where can I buy gloves?
I never used it.
Do they play jazz in this place?
Would you call the chief waiter, please?
I would like a strong cocktail drink. Would you mix some of it?
We will call for someone to check the matter immediately.
Oh, I heard the name. It is a famous old city, right?
I got a point.
What is weight?
Enjoy your journey.
Is there a Chinese restaurant near here?
Do you have any flights to Miami?
This section is left.
Go to the bathroom every ten minutes.
Thank you very much . I am very happy to be in London to be in London, and you are one of our most important partners.
I took my wallet.
The pavement number is five.
When will the football match take place?
When is all the holys feast?
Beautiful .
Are there any side effects?
When is the time of the ride?
Is the stock exchange in Wall Street open to the public?
Sorry because I was not at home.
Where is the Tourist Guidance Office?
Where can I spend some tourist checks?
I want an hour I can easily select the time.
Sorry, I do not have small categories.
It is broken. Can you check this photography machine?
Coffee with cream and sugar, please.
Would you say that again?
Price ten brands.
Yes, I went. I visited Tokyo and Kyoto on a tour of two years ago.
Take a hospital, please.
Is there air conditioning?
Please inform us of a message when one of them opens.
I think there are errors in the bill.
Please give me this.
How much is the total price?
It is the seventh gate.
Does the price include lunch?
Are you Scottish?
Three two two. Wait again, well? I want to send you something here. Sorry.
Where will you stay?
Human relations are important in any society, but it seems that the Japanese seek hard to maintain and deepen good relations.
This is ninety -nine. Please instead of dollars.
I would like a large focus camera.
In the A. with me . bad .
Where is the store that sells boxes?
One hundred and thirty -five yen per dollar.
This is fine. You have to change the street forty -four.
Can I take the key, please?
Do you have any miniature cylinders?
Short gonate, with long shoes, will not expire.
Can I talk to the manager?
We have large, medium, and small sizes.
Why is the price different from the one in the meter?
Do you know a skilled gynecologist?
I want a dryer.
How much does the total?
Can I see this?
I have pledged to myself that I will get to know you when I see you.
What was happening since the last period?
Thus, what are your plans for the remainder of the trip?
In this case, there is a schedule of tariffs next to the driver's seat.
I want to buy two distinctive regional goods.
I don't feel good. Do you guide me to a doctor?
Good . We will wait.
Well, I am a new student at ABC University and I will specialize in history.
Where can I find an hour?
Mr. Sato is in a meeting now, Mister Tanaka, can he respond to your call later?
When will we arrive?
What is the estimated date for arrival?
Sprinkle the potatoes, please.
Your party is now held. Help yourself .
Will I have to return to your office again?
Who is the collector?
Please show me a return ticket.
Is there a night entertainment?
Can I check my precious personnel with you?
Are there messages for me?
Red wine? Isn't the bait passed?
Don't worry . For the destiny, some customers have tried it.
I admired your linguistic skill.
I left my notebook in the cabin.
The bathroom siphon does not work.
Do you have an account?
Will you go to search for a convoy with me?
How long do we need to go from here to the municipal building?
I feel the air circle.
Where does the circular bus leave?
We regret this inconvenience. I will bring you another, immediately.
One moment, please, I will bring it to you. Here is.
Take this medicine after each meal when the pain increases.
Can this be confirmed on the phone?
I tried, but I couldn't fulfill my dream.
I put the money in a special envelope decorated called Xiapocoro.
Where is the men's section?
A person has been injured.
You did not say this. You exaggerate the price you receive from me.
Come on, Mitsuru.
I want an external line.
This is the title in which you can contact me.
I want to determine a date.
Why don't you stop here for a limited time?
Are meals?
I booked double.
I lost my wallet somewhere from the multi -department store.
It is free.
I would like a large fuel economy car.
Can I take two tickets for a night, please?
I want to order a service.
Please tell me where to go down.
Say this again.
Sorry, do you take a picture of you please?
One of the two men was long and the other was short.
Hamburger takes me on the right side and salad, please.
I applied yesterday to obtain a passport.
Delicious.
March 23, please.
I stole my necklace while I was out of my room.
To Park Avenue Street, number of eighty, please.
Break my seat. It does not land.
Would you ask her to call me on my account?
Give me a receipt, please.
Is it possible to paint the living room again?
A board to a taxi to stand, would you do that?
I want to send it by air mail.
It can be the ignition candle.
Would you inform me when the match begins?
I wonder what I can get from it?
Do you have the same piece in a larger size?
I would like some aspirin.
You must take a bus.
Please show me where the bank.
Hold cheese.
Would you booked a night room?
My heat is high.
We would like to invite you to dinner tomorrow evening.
Oh, a walking distance takes about five minutes.
So, give me two seats reserved (C), on the twentieth.
Do you have a map of the subway?
Well, you will be, then.
I have a room ready for you in Grand Huytel. Can you go there?
This is the room twelve thirteen.
I want to book a trip to Japan on the fifteenth of May.
I live with friends.
When do you start with lunch?
I have a pain in my right eyes.
Would you bring me to sales management, please?
What are the available seats? I want to sit in the middle.
Do you have a Japanese translator?
Can I pass?
I would like a frying pan.
Where will we leave?
Does this train pass by Paso?
Well, this exploration trip is nice.
Can I take some of the eye moisturizer?
Is there a link on the trip to Glasgow?
Would you spend these tourism checks, please?
I am far from my friend, we would like to sit together.
Not the best German.
I will take this shirt. How much is it?
It is very much.
We must definitely meet again.
A secret on a straight path, and you will find them.
Yes, the actor who plays the main role is excellent.
Yes, unfortunately. Our main office is located here. What about you? Is it your first visit here?
Would you take these pants?
I will write to you after returning to my country.
Can we take a room overlooking the ocean?
Can I smoke here?
Why this amount?
Do you pass through New Orleans?
Can we rent a hall?
I hope you take a new car?
Please guide us to a good restaurant soon.
What is your name ? What is the official rank?
Can I borrow a racket and balls?
Certainly, we will bring it to the hallway in the ninth.
Can you enter a small fabric?
Do you accept Japanese Balin check?
Which bus is independent to reach the statue of freedom?
I would like to leave my bags.
Sorry . I bought this jacket yesterday, but I found a big spot here.
Can I take half a jug?
This is my uncle.
I would like to change the room.
Do you have this average size?
Can I change my seat forward?
regards . I am John.
It is better for me to go.
Are you Mrs. Ebert? I am Hiroshi Sato. I was pleased to meet you.
I have an empty frame of air.
I will be revealed at the cathedral.
I would like a vessel of boiling water.
Nakai.
How many payment if you bought three?
Do you mind if you take a picture of you and your taxi?
Would you call a taxi for me, please?
Don't smoke, please.
Tomorrow.
The demand for mail may be better. It is cheaper.
White shoulder bag.
Just pruning, please.
I should be at the airport by eight morning tomorrow.
I called three days ago about a lost bag.
I don't know what it is, but I will try it.
Have you seen a black coat here?
I exceeded the limit, so go to the net three.
Can I take a mountain side room?
I see my photography machine in the taxi.
Who will perform in the show?
By air or normal mail?
One hundred dollars in cash, three hundred dollars in bank checks, and two credit cards.
How much will the price be?
I want a cheaper hotel.
Do I have to fill a customs form?
I want to use the tennis court.
Oh, there is a lot that you should see in the village of Greenwich.
You never say.
I want some milk, do you have?
Can I change these tickets to tomorrow's offer?
Would you tell me the code to call Japan?
How much will I wait for the train until it arrives on the berth of the station?
Can I enter here for the flight of the United States?
Do we have to wear a jacket and a neck bond for the evening round?
In work. I have work links there.
On what speed we fly?
You can remove price marks. please ?
I am at the corner of the road five and the street forty -one.
Coca bottle, please.
I want to shower before my meal.
Your hair is beautiful.
What ? Will you accuse me. Ha, ha, she has become allergic. Do you know your mother with this?
Did you ask for a special meal?
I have to wake up early tomorrow. So I will go now.
Am I part of this?
How much do you think about going from here to the airport?
How do you like to cook the meat you eat?
It is suitable for your dress.
Would you please watch my bag?
Would you tell me how I got on the Westmaster monastery?
Oh, what luxury to play the golf in Australia?
How do you like this idea? We accept your condition, which stipulates a period of six months prior to a prior notification, provided that you give us the right to sell for a period of six months after termination of the contract.
When is the next trip to Los Angeles?
I want a non -smoking section, please.
It will be overwhelmed.
Where did you make?
Sorry. Do you know New York well?
The cost of collision insurance is five dollars in addition to one day, do you want it?
I want to take ski lessons.
He took a purpose man.
What is this to eat?
I want a calculator, please.
Give me Marlburo cigarette carton, please.
Where is the passenger portal? B. bad . One zero?
He is a desirable person, right?
Sorry, in what way we are?
Can I take a receipt?
Which of the foundations is consistent with my natural skin tone?
You are not Chinese, right?
We will wait. Please contact us when you are ready.
It is next on the road.
Can I ask this from Japan after I go back?
I would like a surgeon.
Are these natural ingredients?
Do you like to be exempt from customs?
I want to use the safe in my room.
I want to ride in a sports car.
The small bar is empty. Can you put a beer in it, please?
The newspapers do not mind that their readers mention on December 2 that it is "the day when the war began."
I want to open a deposit account in this bank.
Good . When will the match be held?
You are very good. I didn't know what to do.
I want to rent a bike.
In which section is this seat?
The area code is three zero. The number is three, one, three, three, five, six seven.
When, sir?
Is this all the luggage on the trip three three?
I am sick. Can you call a doctor for me?
There is no soap in my room.
This is your screaming.
May I know your name?
He was cold.
No thank you . I just watch.
The best thing is a miniature cylinder.
Can I see your volleyball ticket? I mean the passenger card.
Please without writing.
Can I move to a vacant seat?
I want to send it to the general delivery method.
To consider yourself at your home and spend a good time.
I am like me.
I would like an electric shaver. please .
Attractive decor?
Is this your first visit to our country?
Show your personal card, please.
Air Flight No. One zero was confirmed to Narita on the tenth of June.
One hundred and twenty dollars per night, except for the tax.
Is this guarantee valid in Japan?
You must go with?
I have this fruit box. It is a gift.
When does the last train?
I will not buy it. I can find much cheaper than it in another place.
One student, please.
I did not dive using an underwater breathing device before.
I prefer not to reach the price of fifty dollars.
No, you will not. You should go down at the next station.
Will you tell me about interesting places to go to see in this city?
I have in the third row in the middle.
The amount is ten and thirty cents a day.
Send this in a telegram to Japan.
How much is the price of a flying ticket from New York on Los Angeles?
Where can I diving?
This food is heavy on my stomach.
Would you keep my bags until eleven?
Yes, you can pay Palin. The amount two thousand seven hundred yen.
Inventory control is very important for the company.
I will summon the police.
I want to go to the office of UNESTA.
Peace Enter. I am happy because you came. Do you get tired of finding our house?
Let me turn this call to the official.
How long does the trip take the train to Dover?
Send my regards to your parents, please.
It is very good.
I will never sit in the front row.
I cannot speak English.
Give me some light gasoline, please.
It hurts so much that I cannot bear it more than this.
In the office there.
What size do you want?
Clean, please.
Ascending the ladder and then heading. He is on your left.
Can I take Cola, please?
Do you have a tour of Broadway?
Oh my dear. I didn't realize that I still have these things.
Do you have boxes to send parcels?
Will the airline pay hotel and meals?
When is the next train?
Sensitive.
Excellent quality, it is a profitable deal.
The plane leaves from Gate No. twenty -four.
Farewell .
Do you know a good shoe store?
Is this the first division vehicle?
Will the flight leave on time?
The inner sea is quiet and beautiful.
Are these all your bags?
Sorry. I think I paid less than required.
How do you want to make a call?
Sorry . It seems that we gave you the wrong keys.
Well, it's expensive. It was not made in Japan, right?
Have you heard the news?
Have you finished filling the descent card from the plane?
Would you pass salt, please?
Do you have a half -bottle red wine?
Do you like to comment on this, Professor Takaji?
Do you have peanuts?
Thanks, sir. See a moment, please, sir. Please take this bill to leave and push there.
Let's see.
It is a little sugar.
Do you mind if you sit here?
Where is the nearest restaurant for this hotel?
Can you carry my bags to the taxi?
I want to watch a lyrical play.
Which do you prefer the tenth or sixteenth journey?
I really enjoyed your party.
You should have your passport, immigration card and customs acknowledgment.
I will leave, so I spend these slides, please.
I want to try some Italian food.
I would like a shampoo for normal hair.
Please put your luggage on this scale.
I agree with most of what you suggested.
The tonsils are inflamed.
Please say hello to your family.
What time does the front office open?
The shirts in this store are much cheaper.
I think you have a fever.
How long will they take?
When do you think it will be found?
Is it possible that you can cool the room?
Air, please.
Semi -rare.
I wish you a very happy year.
Not completely. Most students have received an acceptable estimate in his material, but they say that his lectures are boring and not encouraging.
When does the mass begin?
I will take a large spray bottle.
Four dollars if you bought it from the station, and six dollars if you bought it on the train.
I think I will take the value of fifty cents. Give me twelve, please.
I want to get a memorial gift of about $ 1.
Shampoo, please.
Do you have this in a moderate gray color?
How do I use this pump?
Can you help me with this luggage?
Is there a shower?
I want to pull a hundred dollars of my visa card.
The festival is one of the cultural characteristics of Japan.
I do not believe. Have you already spent everything?
Please repeat it again slowly.
Well, I think it's best to leave now.
Sorry. I want to order a request.
Is it far that I cannot reach Sera?
I cannot find my bag. Is it possible to help me?
Yes, we have, but we cannot sell them.
Is it possible to change paper money to coins?
Lunch is ready.
I want to send two expenses to New York.
I want to make a phone call to Japan.
We have a shrimp with a niberg sauce and a grilled pregnancy man.
Good . I will send the maid immediately to open the door with the basic key. What is your room number?
What price do you require in the lens of the fish eye type?
I prefer to eat western food.
The Basific War lasted for four and a half years, from one thousand nine hundred and forty to forty -five, and it erupted two years after the Second World War.
Do you have any snacks that I eat with my drink?
I would like a room with a beautiful view.
Does he have a camp room?
Do you want it with salt and pepper?
Which entrance?
Three sacrifices of melon juice, please.
Can you show me how to call using the phone card?
I can talk a little English.
Is the sea troubled tonight?
About half an hour.
Is it possible to leave paper?
I have three children.
A secret forward to the end of this hall and turn left at the corner. You will find it on your right.
Is it a full day tour?
I want to go to the famous air and space museum.
Do you think it will rain tomorrow?
How much is the cost of going and returning ticket to Oxford?
This must have been used for the identity card, perhaps.
Should you be in the hospital?
Go to a sports club every two days.
Where can I stay during the tour?
They are all personal purposes.
Well, where can I put my handbag? Is it possible to put it here?
What is the timing of the hotel departure procedures?
I am looking for a gift for a young child.
Is it possible that you please warm the room?
How much does the guide receive a day?
The area is on the right.
The call was contacted.
Can you tell me how to call this number?
Is this for men?
Ah, really? Did you take anything?
I think this is the type we would like to import.
Which clothing stores are close here?
My car was broken. I would like a cloud truck immediately.
Where can I find compact cylinders?
I want a photographer, please.
Sit, please.
Are they in two doors or four doors?
What a joyful day.
I think I asked for a thick burger, but there is no fish in the burger.
Sorry, but can you show me how to use a shower?
Thank you . By the way, how do you prefer to pay the bill?
I just want to confirm that your CEO will attend a meeting tomorrow.
I am very sorry, but I will be late for the meeting. I was broken from transportation.
Can you book a room for me on the night of the eighteenth of September?
Is there a two -week course?
Is it possible to help me select any tour I join tomorrow?
I should make reservations.
There are boats in the style of pirate ships or old ships or are equipped with rowing wheels. Others resemble geese or whale.
Mr. Ford commanded me to meet you.
We would like to go to the Gross Mount to ski. Is it possible to prepare a means of transmission?
Sorry. I am a university student from Japan. Are you students at New York University?
Is it possible to tell us how to evaluate this plan?
Can I recover the price of this ticket?
How long does it take to go to Soho?
Where is the sheer?
I want to play a marital match?
Okay . I am looking for Chanel lipstick number thirty -five.
About two hundred dollars you can buy a beautiful vase.
I heard a few moments ago that my grandfather died.
US Airlines.
These cabarets are always full of people.
Have you read the safety instructions card?
Do you have ice cream?
Today is a windy.
Aki, do you know the place of records close to here?
Criticism or credit card?
Is it possible to watch a movie on this trip?
Do you have anyone who can speak Japanese?
I work in a commercial company.
It is not literature to ask people how much they receive.
The number is nine nine nine nine, nine nine nine nine, nine nine nine, nine nine nine nine.
I would like some vinegar.
with me . S. It symbolizes the page footnote.
For insurance, I want a full covering cover for collision accidents.
I would like to reserve a tour, please.
Is there any day ticket?
Is this of the type of five zero approved?
What ? Ah, sure. Not taken.
The second of September, an economic degree, for one individual.
I must return before six in the evening.
We have many annual celebrations besides the national leave.
When can I take a bath?
It is in fashion this summer.
Do not seem more than twenty -one years of age.
Can I pay the visa?
Sorry. I want to go to Miami.
What kind of fruit do you have?
Do you have any low -calorie sweets?
It is really a great offer.
Is there a quick train for Berlin?
Do you have special offers on Este Lauder perfumes?
Do you have mayonnaise?
Please use it as a tray?
I want a seat where smoking is forbidden, please.
I understand. In fact it has a high -speed movie. Do you mind if you take it out?
My car collided with a lighting column on the street.
We write the new year cards and send them by mail. They are delivered on January 1.
Just medium, please.
Not a lot of Japanese send birthday cards, but drawing, sealing, printing and sending billions of greeting cards on the New Year's year are made and year after year after year.
Ski it only.
Can you write it down?
Will you go to school?
I am looking for a perfume.
In what direction is gold?
These are ten dollars and a half dollars for screaming.
I will bring one on the spot.
I am Yuko Suzuki from the global company.
Eight dollars. Here comes one immediately.
The exchange rate is not completely good, but I think I have no choice.
It is yours.
Please show it with customs purchases at the airport.
Right to the second of the corner and you will find one.
What do you think of food?
I brought more than allowed.
The window is dirty.
Do you want an insurance rate for both collision and the possibility of collision?
They will find it tomorrow.
I have a problem when opening the door. Is it possible to change the key card?
The best one at the front of the plane.
Is any of the big stores working now?
The appropriate room behind the customer service office.
O communication factor, I received the fire station.
I got an empty battery.
How many bus stations should I return?
This is not true.
No, please do not. This is for my own use.
I would like to rent a car with an automatic transmission, please.
Can I get down to the hotel?
Another blanket, please.
I want to book a room for the twenty -fourth and twenty -fourth of August.
Where is the closest photographer?
Ice cream, please.
You can go to the right outside this door.
It is permissible for my travel. Coincidentally, I did not find any passport in my bag. I must travel to Tokyo tomorrow morning.
I want to make a sixth hour reservation tonight.
Stop at the next intersection.
Is it possible to bring us according to another?
What is the travel fee from here to the southern station?
Oh, here. Should every person fill in this customs declaration form?
Is it possible to see this throat?
I want to leave early as possible.
Can you provide me with a suitable opportunity for diving, please?
The name and number of your tourist group, please.
I took the train number twelve fifty from San Dego.
Can I know your name, please?
I cannot find any soap.
Is it possible to make a connection to be collected from the other side?
When does the next train leaving for Chicago leave?
Welcome . How are you ?
I want to make a credit card, please.
It was attacked at the Bachuk intersection. Please come quickly.
Initially, I should thank you very much for the ideal program I have prepared for me.
Where is the travel section?
Of course, this bottom can extend or reduce as you like.
What will he play this week?
With lemon, if you have, and sugar.
Is it possible to help me carry this bag?
This medication is auxiliary to digestion. I usually use it.
No, but if you want to use a treasury, there are two dollars. Please pay it at the reception office.
I want to eat lettuce and meat of pork and cheese on bread from the rai.
How can I return here?
What is the name of the person you want to talk to?
She travels to school by train every day.
I want some sugar, please.
Where does this tour start?
What course for beginners?
Will you write the report for me?
I am sorry, he is not inside now.
There is no problem. We have an abundance in time.
I have a fragment in my finger. Is it possible to give me small skewers, please?
What is the temperature?
I think there is a mistake.
How do you want to pay, cash or credit card?
Do you mind just waiting for a few other minutes?
Can you fill this health insurance form, please?
Which is the most popular?
Look at this. Look at this. You will tell me that the difference between this young man and that young man is luck? Muhammad stands in the car on the side of the road, and you? You will not mind sleeping with you here. I am late. It was a beautiful meeting with you?
Thank you .
Thanks for helping you.
From eight to eight fifteen.
Do you have the same as a dark brown?
This depends on timing.
When will he return?
Is your room overlooking the city?
I want my travel passport.
Happy to meet you.
I lost the plane ticket.
I want to try the same thing that the person sitting at this table is eating.
Please active the key card.
Indeed, I am in menstruation. Is this a problem?
It happened between Sharing Cross and Jerene Park.
to stop .
What messages to me?
Thank you . Is it possible to communicate, please?
Can you learn about it on this map?
One zero in the evening.
Please draw a map here .
Will you prove it?
It is still very expensive. Is it possible to take it with three dollars?
I understand, the bathroom water only did not heat enough.
We want a room in the back.
I will take a glass of wine.
Will you give me pain reliever?
We are here on a visit. Our son lives in Setel.
If available, I want it automatically.
This headset does not work well. Is it possible to give me another one?
Looks beautiful.
Are there any hotels close to here? Please draw a map for me.
Do you still have tickets for Big River for this night?
It seems almost identical.
Looks beautiful.
What is the material of this uniform.
Two hours before leaving.
We want to divide this three call to us.
I would like a two -bed room. What is the price of the room per night?
Some fruits, please.
It is important.
Please leave them abroad.
It is about ninety nine miles.
Good evening . I have a date with Mr. Drail at three o'clock today, but I am afraid that I will be a little late. Will this be fine?
Do you have something with the keys?
S seats have been sold, but we still have seats.
We want to divide this food. Would you bring small dishes?
I feel sick in my stomach.
Vince and Linda want to remain on their own, so I am afraid that I must stay here tonight.
Please save these bags in the customs detainee.
Reducing price.
My name is Sato.
Can I speak to a Japanese employee responsible for phone calls?
I would like to know what the cost of making a phone call to New York.
No truth, I am afraid, you can ride the spending metro from here with a risk of you if it is correct to say.
Thank you very much for expressing gratitude to those who have finished work.
They escaped with a decade of pearls and other precious things.
I know an old jazz music club in the center of the country.
I will eat this meal.
Can you guide me to the hospital road?
I would like to take it according to this.
I would like to go to the London Tower.
I would like to go down here.
Can I get a medical certificate?
It is a photo of my ticket.
It is a small blue car, the Kai -three metal panel number is five five and the registration number is a by any five zero.
Can you provide us with a little discount?
Are you playing any sports games?
There is an increased demand among the plural enthusiasts on this type.
We already have connections and electric plots that are used in our country, but we do not have electrical transformers. أنا اقترح عليك أن تذهب إلى أحد المحلات التي تتعامل مع المستلزمات السياحية .
Then we will take it.
Can I see you in the afternoon?
Does this go up to the sixth floor?
American crocodile skin.
Take care.
Two plates of tomato cream, please.
Is the distance within the limits of what can be to it? Or is it so far away that I cannot walk to it?
Please put it in the washing bag and leave it there.
I would like to develop this movie. When will it be ready?
Yes . I would like to have two tickets for the movie "A Roard called desire". Are there remaining tickets regarding the offer that will be presented tonight?
Is this the right journey?
Please do not give this key to anyone else other than me.
Do some light exercises and massage after the bathroom daily.
There is only one outlet.
And it is. I will order you and take you by car from the hotel where you stay at eight o'clock.
The window is good
Make the haircut hanging down, please.
Are all transportation costs listed?
I am afraid that I have understood the appointments.
Metropolitan opera.
He will pass my friend with his car here to take me with him, so there is no problem.
This room is very noisy.
I do not have the audacity to wear something like this.
Where is the place of car rental?
Jinco trees are very beautiful when its leaves turn yellow in the fall.
At a party tonight. Please style my hair.
You ask me if we have started to start selling our products in the United States?
I feel full of vitality since last night.
This is not suitable for my taste.
How do you pronounce the name of this place?
Please deduct this cost of my Master Card.
What is the value of your advertising budget?
Where is the place of the toilets?
I would like to sleep.
What types of vegetables have?
I want to make my hair to be free.
When will the doctor come?
I am afraid that it is three minutes later.
It is the wrong color.
The year has been broken.
Is this seat next to the corridor or next to the window?
You can never make a diet while you are skinny in this way.
I will be late fifteen minutes.
One and with it, please name. I will use it to demand the insurance I paid.
It is for my personal use.
I would like to go to some place where I can eat some local food.
I would like to have a triple leg holder, please.
I would like a cheaper bag.
I have painful sudden pain in the back.
I am on a long walk on foot.
I want to leave as soon as possible. Is there any early trip?
Thanks to all the tipping you gave me. You are a very kind person.
Can you deliver my luggage to the room?
Which models do you want?
What do you think of ten pounds for three?
You have to continue walking on this way until you reach a small garden.
I want this.
What color do you think?
We would like to get a table near the window.
I regret that it was all sold.
Show me one for a young woman.
So everything about this place is new to you, right?
Can I walk around the place?
Yes . What has your interest in certain characteristics in this country?
Can we continue in our room for thirty minutes after leaving the hotel?
Sorry, the number is incorrect.
A much larger table, please.
naturally . This is not considered anything. Don't worry for this. I hope you are more careful next time.
Can you explain to me how to light the lights?
Please show me one of those in the show box.
Can you move in this direction?
Is there any amendment to our schedule?
I will do it.
Do you have anything that is only eighty dollars?
Most streets have no names or signs. Therefore, there is some difficulty in reaching a place you mean only through the address.
He is a very expensive artist. Therefore, take your care, please.
Please give me a sunbath cream.
Please call me the taxi.
Is this fresh?
What is the cost of renting the stadium in one hour?
I will give you two dollars to complete two hundred dollars.
I am thirsty.
Is it right or left?
I would like a pair of pants .
I want to do some walking for relaxation.
Can I charge it?
What is the cost of sending it by air to Japan?
Can I get two cartoons from the "Seven Stars"?
Without milk, please.
Do you know your travel ticket number, the travel agency, the date of issuance and the payment method?
What is the cost of the room per night?
You won. Five will be suitable.
I want to return to the hotel to find my camera.
It is a matter of life or death.
You should take a taxi, as there are no general transportation.
There are twelve teams of baseball in Japan.
In the third residential complex on your left.
Or to make a call from one station to another in Tokyo, please.
I would like the interview.
Will you play with me tennis next week?
Will we ride this?
Sorry. I am looking for a leather jacket.
What a good meal.
What is the place of sale of the clothing that you nominate me?
Can I take the chopped meat and cancel the meat slice that I have requested?
Three of us want to play. What is the cost of that?
We will reach thirty minutes before the deadline.
Thanks for your call.
Cigar, from your class, if you have any of them. What is its price?
I would like to receive a call to wake up.
Which of them is the ginger?
Can you accomplish it in half an hour?
I want a bus map, please.
You are the one who blames the incident.
Walk forward on this street about five blocks, you will find there on the forefront a pharmacy. When you get there, go to the right. You will find it completely on your left.
Please talk less at a lower speed.
What will you offer next week, please?
We plan to take nine hours.
I look forward to changing the guards.
Oh, everyone is dancing crazy.
Can we stay on the plane because we have a child?
What is the artwork shown on the national theater?
Is it possible to get a room for this tonight?
Yes, I will bring a Japanese doll for my friend.
Where is the counter of Japanese lines?
What a great party. Do you like it ?
I announce this item.
I was also pleased to meet you, Bobby. Do you want to go to swim with us?
I have three bags.
Where is the lake?
I don't want to eat food now.
I would like to take Omelet eggs.
Please expand the waist area for a distance of three centimeters.
I am looking for an interesting memorial gift from Las Vegas.
This is not what I requested.
Where are tickets? Are you tickets here in this room, or are you going to the library?
Sorry, press the wooden window, please.
Yes, you are not polite, right?
I would like to buy new lenses.
I need more time.
When will the show start?
I will eat this.
I would like to do some shopping in this city. Can you nominate me with a good multi -division store or one of the major shops?
I don't have a lot of time. Will that take a long time?
They are TV hurricanes. Once Japan strikes many disasters.
Can I get one of the magazines or something like that?
I think we are doing it. I will investigate it and get back immediately.
Mister Maurita told me whether your wife accompanied you here in New York?
You have to change the train at the third station.
Which bus is heading to the central station?
We got married for only two days.
I would like a copy of Lee Riders Model Tamania Four Four and one zero one.
It is south.
Sorry, will it take a long time to prepare our meal?
The best Italian food.
What is the cost of seats for the balcony?
You can ask the question office there if you mislead the road.
Will you pack these things separately?
It will be taken in a few minutes. Please make sure that the seat belt has been proven safe.
Yes, but please do not allow them to go to the deep sides or jacuzzi.
Where is the global series?
We want a room overlooking the lake.
Are there any mail boxes close to here?
I would like to buy a bag.
Where were you ?
If I insisted on my position for a little longer, I would get it at a lower price.
Which of them want, the five pounds or ten?
I feel I am sick. Where is the ship's doctor?
I am from Greece.
Determine your taste.
When will it open?
There is one behind this hall.
I will stay with my friend tonight.
I am afraid that your account balance will be exposed.
Twenty -fourth.
Oatmeal with two eggs, with sausage, and milk tea.
And it is. I will connect you there.
This is the address of the hotel where I was stayed and the phone number. Can you call me this number as soon as my bag is found?
Do you prefer a table in the place where smoking is allowed or the place that is not allowed to smoke?
The written part in the oblique way indicates the changes that occurred in the 1990s.
I would like to eat a lot of vegetables today.
He is thirty years old.
I have my personal card. The driver's license fulfills the purpose?
Half today thirty dollars, the full day is fifty dollars.
The price of the wooden plate used in the sport of surfing is twenty -five dollars for two hours, forty dollars for the full day.
The weather is very warm. Can you adjust the air conditioning, please?
What is the yen exchange rate for today?
I am Sujita in room number thirteen. I just entered the hotel, but this room is smaller than I expected. Is it possible to change the rooms?
It is also. Can you write the title again on this circumstance?
Is the fifth street bus station here?
I have something to cover the price of meals for three days in cash.
I would like to go to the Harrods store. Do you have a map, please?
Where can I buy a popular handicraft goods?
What do you do in your spare time?
How can I make a call by seas?
What are popular sports in Japan?
Do you have battery stones for this camera?
Can it please send me a map with fax to reach your office?
Are you ready to ask, madam?
We advise you to take a tour of Boston. This gives you an opportunity to see the important places in Boston.
I try to reach the title on this card.
Hello . Is this Boston to be insulted?
Is there a beauty hall in this hotel?
It was the most delicious meal.
Now I have made it wrong.
Which areas in Austria?
I would like to send a wireless telegram.
Are you the last in this class?
Where will this train go?
I think the reservation has exceeded the number.
Good kick. She almost realized the goal.
May I use the phone?
What is the maximum period of parcel post?
I want it to be the eighth and a half.
Can you tell me about interesting places here?
Is there any multi -division store close to here?
Table for two, please.
Can you tell me whether there is any distinct fish restaurant near here?
Well, the Imper State building on the right from this road, what you will do is go towards the bus station in this corner and move forward. You will find it on your right.
What is this?
Which types of sweets prefer, ice cream or a snowy drink?
This is not possible given my budget.
Should we ask all meal foods?
No, we are not equipped yet.
I booked for the two nights.
Do you have any whiskey?
Can you contact me if I find my bags?
Can I see your leadership license, please?
Who says he calls, please?
How does that look at me?
Not very few. This may be one of the reasons why women do not adhere to a company.
How long does it take to release the passport?
I envelope, please.
It is improving.
Me too .
I will eat some butter.
I took the wrong bus.
What is its size?
I would like to travel from San Diego.
I was thinking about getting this course in the next half -year.
Can you cook this meat again?
Please, call the doctor.
I will make x -rays.
Is there any place to change the money?
I would like to curl for hair.
Can I eat some pills?
I am afraid that I will not go to sleep as a result of this bad news.
How can you calculate the cancellation fees?
Our journey begins on the twenty -first of July and ends on the twenty -seventh.
I am not interested.
How can you pronounce the name of this station?
I will push myself.
Is the museum open today?
Wine is not enough enough. Can we make it cooler?
Let me see one different.
Such, please
I am in good condition, too, thanks.
How long will you spend in New York City?
Can I cancel a dessert dish? I really have enough of it.
Can you change this earrings to another can be connected.
Is there any bus from the airport to the Sheraton Hotel?
What are the things that most interest you now?
I would like to return money. Can I get my money?
Yes, No. four eighty -seven.
Just one now.
straight ahead . You will see the mark. You can't make it wrong.
You will have to take it to the gift packaging.
What will it take to print?
I hope I can visit your country.
Tell me directly.
What is the date for delivery?
Draw a map, please.
I do not have a reservation here, but do you have a two room?
I would like to leave from the hotel now, can you take my luggage down?
Maybe I can't eat such a drink anywhere else.
Where is the direction towards the south?
If you buy this too, you will work for the amount that exempts from the fees.
May I get a blanket?
Did he say that the next station is a twenty -three street?
Should I book the dinner vehicle on the train?
Good evening, do you have any open tables for two people?
What are your hobbies?
Yes, what is the value of the money I deposit as a start?
Yes, I will take pure beer with appetizers.
Please, clean this blouse.
Do you want to leave anything?
Yes, I am empty.
What are the things that were stolen?
He was tall with blond hair.
Can I see your vaccination certificate, please?
Which of them is cigarettes?
Place the table on one and crush it with this hammer.
The bus walks during the night when it is less. That is why it is rarely late.
I had stomach pain for five days.
I will definitely take you there.
Do you travel a lot?
Can the distille lend me?
That your home is very large.
I am from the United States.
Can I eat tea instead of coffee
I don't think we met before.
You have an additional postcard?
Can you send this to me?
I have a flight ticket to San Francisco.
I would like some coffee
Where is the Japanese consulate?
I would like rice.
Yes, there is. Here is the train coming. I wish you a good day.
May I have some steadfast?
Can you send a fax to this number?
Can we meet three o'clock in the afternoon instead?
I lose the ability to see things according to their relative importance when I travel abroad, and I sow money in Yemen and left.
Apple pie, please.
How many holidays do you get in the year?
A table for four individuals, please.
Hey.
correct . Do you want to go to the pool with me?
This will be great. I have always waited for an opportunity to do something like this.
I would like to suggest toast bread to Mr. William.
Thanks, I will come. We hope you will also come to us once.
If only fifteen minutes from the station, I will walk it.
I would like to go to the Museum A.
I am thinking of taking advantage of the special discount feature offered by ABC lines to travelers to Hawaii next month.
I think so. You will be fine.
Can I get two tickets for the novel "Les Miserable" on June 7?
Do you only sell new books, or do you trade in the used volumes?
I want to send a letter to Japan.
When I was walking in Broadway.
I would like a food bowl.
One primary class for one individual to Calais please.
Please call a taxi at two o'clock in the afternoon.
Good health, thanks. And you ?
Is there anything interesting here?
I would like a little cheaper hotel.
Bonsai looks like a pyramid.
Please tell the Japanese consulate after informing the police.
Can I bring them all? I really need them.
I haven't decided yet. Can you give me more time?
Headache.
Do you want a drink with the meal?
Give me thirty liters.
Yes ?
Is there a military parade tomorrow?
It does not work. Do you have an additional one?
It is the wrong thing.
With me my bottle of whiskey.
Did you prefer and felt coffee with me?
I would like a medical certificate and receipt for my insurance.
Half headache.
Gifts for my friends.
My chest hurts me.
There is a refrigerator filled with drinks at the back of the cart.
Ah, no. Please faster. We are late.
I want a bottle of water, please.
Eating in the hotel costs a lot, so let's go out anywhere.
I do not want to spend more than twenty dollars.
Where do we start?
Sorry. Where is the post office?
Please show me the costs.
truly ? I don't know.
Two -tenth seats, please.
How do you like to cook meat?
Describe what I lost, please.
Why did the journey not take off? Tell me what is going on.
What is your blood type?
Can you show me the way?
I want an appetite light, please.
What are the most beloved food foods in your store?
You have to go to Vienna.
What's the fare? Can you write off the fee on a piece of paper?
Can we wait for a table?
Is Hudson Street the third station?
Where is the Boufahhanza login office?
Please take a picture of us.
I would like to rent a compound chair.
Your name and address here.
Wait a minute, please.
Do women have to wear an evening dress?
Who did this?
Black is beautiful.
Please take a picture of me.
Do not touch me.
I want to call a car rental company.
A table next to the window, please.
Please let me know when we reach a middle.
I would like to dye in red, please.
Have you kept your checks?
I want to buy the best possible seats.
Now go to customs.
Do you carry cigars ?
I prefer to sit at the front of the plane.
My message lamp is light.
We have to call the Information Department in the hotel lounge corner. They will register the reservation.
Which station?
It is a thief.
The taste of this soup is strong.
What is in this bag?
We can go to a tiki point if the wind is not strong.
It is for my personal use.
amazing .
I would like a movie for this type of industrial light, please.
Its aim is to help the bereaved in the funeral expenses.
I will close now. Thanks for your attention.
I'm sorry . I will bring you a tea immediately.
Sorry. May I get a blanket?
Do you understand me?
Good . Lead left at the next presidency. You will see it directly in front of you.
Is there any place to rest?
Do you have other colors of this?
Does this include the price of the fast train?
When and where can I get it?
Who is this ?
Which do you think it is better for my skin, dark nail polish or light -colored nail polish?
Thanks . This means that we will arrive early in the morning. Do you think I can take the city's downtown subway?
What kind of substances does the drug contain?
Yes, I have a single room reservation. The name Matsui. M.TS YOOI.
Do you have the open shape from the front of these?
Sorry. Can you show me the location of the taxi parking?
Thanks . Oh, I understand what happened.
How far is the distance to this hotel?
Can you see the location of the seat on a map please?
He said he will call you later.
Please set your seats for the vertical position.
And to drink? .
Does this street connect to the C and Multiple Store.
Sorry for your harassment. Can I get a red pen?
I want to make an appointment with Mr. Watson.
I will show you how to use the oud to eat.
Sorry, policeman. Can you help me? I cannot find the National ABC National Museum.
The waiter will come to take your request. Please summon the waiter when you are ready to order.
Here.
No, I will take them on the account.
Can I use a tourist check?
Yes, we have. What kind do you want?
Is it not cold?
I am at Kennedy Airport now. What is the fastest way to reach your hotel?
You are in the seat of sixteen a. A secret in this corridor, to your right.
No jeans and shirts with short sleeves.
How do you want it? I mean, what do you like in meat sandwich?
Are you pregnant?
Can you call a taxi for us?
We are pleased to accept your offer.
Where is the nearest computers store?
I have never done it before.
What is the accuracy of this?
Hee. She does not work, right? You can go to a vacant bench if you want it.
Is there a book in Japanese?
There is no stock, but it was requested.
Best vegetable restaurant.
The door lock is broken.
Yes, here.
I am looking for this.
No. five and one seven seven three in Los Angeles, please.
Is there a tour?
Which cold medications do you recommend?
I don't like pork.
Please without this on the service page. There is an excess drawing.
Please send this postcard to Japan.
I will take it with me.
I will return.
Well, sir. What sweet do you want to stamp food?
Can I stay on the plane during the waiting period?
certainly . We'll have fixed it before your return.
Ordinary bus or a bus equipped with sleep?
Tourist checks. Thanks . Take your ticket and a traffic card to board the plane. Be there an hour before the flight, please.
I am the one who thank you.
Only a small piece.
Where are you mainly?
Okay . I wanted to visit the place here for a long time.
certainly . It seems as if there is no problem.
It's a sharp pain .
I will pay by my insurance.
The name is Guru Motuyama. The number is zero three three two six, one, two four five.
Are there any rounds to the statue of freedom?
I feel severe.
Let's go . Just utter it suddenly.
Today we have great Moses meals.
Good . I will tell you what to do. You did not tell those with you and I will not tell those with me.
What do you usually do in your spare time?
I hope we will meet again one day.
It is green, and almost this size.
Please give me a city map.
What is the date of the "Kossi Love Story"?
Sorry, no one responds to the phone.
I have a nose in my nose.
Some go to the central Tokyo station and large hotels.
Thirty pounds, please.
Sorry. Where is the public phone?
Good . Will you coffee now or later?
Thanks anyway.
Yes, I ate fresh oysters last night. Its taste was strange.
I think it makes me look older.
Can you show me this please?
Show me the most exciting rugs clubs in New York.
What is the musical band formed?
Today we have a magnetron soup, asparagus cream and vegetable soups.
What is the difference between your product and your competitors?
Is it acceptable not to follow anyone for security instructions?
I will drink a non -sweet Martini drink. And orange juice, please.
Have you ever infection with any heart disease?
My eyes are swollen.
I am looking for a cotton shirt with short sleeves.
Something less than a hundred dollars, please.
He leaves from here at nine o'clock.
Thanks, the same is completely, but in reality I should leave.
Glossy surface, please.
I would like eight dollar paper currencies and twenty dollars.
We have this new product designed for working women.
I will carry this.
It is a high -quality service that depends on it.
Are the back streets dangerous?
Okay . Please take the necessary action.
Yes, just one. When will I know? How will it be compensated?
Just see, thanks.
I think you will be able to get it in full in the supermarket. And do not worry if you cannot. I will go to the pharmacy tomorrow.
This is not necessary, sir. We will take care of this when you log in. Log in second and a half in the afternoon, but we can keep your bags if you want to see some features before that.
It is my identity card.
Can you bring me a boil water?
I have chronic disease.
I think there is an error in the bill. Can you review it, please?
We prefer a table next to the window.
Can you empty the cigarette extinguisher please?
What are the popular tourist places near here?
I am pleased to meet you, Syed Smith.
I want to extend my stay for two days.
Please show me the cheapest way to go to San Francisco.
Do you give me a favor?
What kind of perfume do you want?
Is this the shortest direct lines?
Let's see. The match will start in the second? Oh, we are supposed to be able to do it.
I would like to get off at St. Paul station.
What is the safety?
May I attach a letter to it?
Mr. Watson, internal connection, two zero zero, please.
I don't know which I put.
Do you know the restaurant, Qiia?
Here. These are the most common.
I have a reservation, Akaya.
When you go out of the elevator, you will see it to your right.
Well, press this button. Loss, this does not work. Sorry, it's broken.
How are you, Mr. Takaji? We have not met since last spring, right?
We have seen a lot of migratory fish.
I will come back later .
I want to know when I can return here.
One direction.
I will be obese if I remain sitting here I eat constantly.
If you want any help, please ask the hosts on the trip. We have a crew on the plane that speaks Japanese, French, Chinese and Spanish.
One hundred dollars without tax.
Please tie your seat belt and watch the banner "No smoking" until it is extinguished.
Does it have a bath?
Here is the pass to board the plane and the claim card.
Can I get an additional dish?
I would like some medicine.
There are two of us, so can we get the large size?
I left my passport in the taxi.
Forty dollars.
Is there a good nightclub with a flamnco dance width?
Our hotel does to provide a maid to care for children.
Sorry, we will delay twenty minutes.
Are there any Japanese restaurants near here?
Something easy to drive with a Yousry driving wheel and two classes of two liters.
Is it indoors or outdoors?
This is my transmission title.
Yes, you can. It is the claim card and the traffic card to board the plane.
Yes . I think at seven in the evening, what I suggest.
I closed the car while I was outside. The key inside.
You can achieve a better number of points.
Beautiful dress you wear.
I didn't think it would be crowded.
I feel severe pain around the stomach area.
Can you change my seat with another in the section permitted to smoke?
This amount for distant distance calls.
Are you planning to start selling your products in the United States?
Can you bring me another beer drink?
I and Jim are friends since high school days.
Freed eggs and eggs that were hoped for salted pork.
Ticket for ten passengers, please.
A moment please my lady. I will check it.
My feet hurts me.
No one has the same name lives here.
Where is the nearest laundry?
Where can I find a bus for watching landmarks? When and where can I take the bus?
The upper part is somewhat large. Can you modify it?
Can you replace our seats, please?
Is there a golf stadium here?
I want to cancel the reservation on the fifth of May's trip and another reservation on the ninth of May instead.
Our seats have been separated.
Can I keep this key card?
Is there anyone who can understand the Japanese language?
In fact, I want to issue an insurance instrument on this expulsion as well.
I am very sorry to see your father's loss. Please accept my sincere condolences.
I want Italy, please.
Have you finished your leaves?
Five PPA, please.
May I remember two adults to see "Al -Kats"?
It is better to sit and pick up your breath after your long journey from Japan.
The bill reached a hundred dollars.
Emergency outlets are located at the front, middle and back of this plane.
What is the wage that this does not include?
Have it followed?
Well, your reservation has been reaffirmed.
Where is the place of burning in your hand?
Who are designers?
Can you pack them with each other?
Blue cat. Old quadruples for jazz.
In which vehicles are this cabin?
The heels are very high.
We want a table on the balcony.
Congratulations, I heard that you got a job with ABC.
Does it include the price of the service?
This means that the film may be inappropriate for children under the age of fifteen. Therefore, parents need to take into account if they will call children watching the movie.
I want to book a good table to see the show.
It costs ninety -nine US dollars.
You will have an hour to do whatever you like here.
I want to return to Tokyo before Friday.
How do you want money? Please fill this paper and fell here.
Are jewelry exempt from fees?
What is the most beloved movie now?
I am not sure now.
I bought lipstick as a gift.
When will you leave?
I am sorry, can you repeat it please?
Until September one thousand nine hundred and ninety nine.
Can I join this chapter even with being a beginner?
I would like to shop. Where is the shopping area near here?
We want to watch a movie. What do you do?
Who did it?
But as you know, LT will make it cheaper.
How long will you receive a long -distance call to Tokyo?
What are the other colors available for Chevrolet cars?
I cannot decide what to ask. What do you do?
Sometimes my stomach hurts me.
How much do you receive for the individual?
I made the time of departure.
Do you not sell them separately?
Do you have low calories dishes? I am currently following a diet.
Can you reserve me in one of the theaters?
In this way, he went right.
I have a Japanese rice wine bottle.
Unnoticed seat, please.
Oh, I'm sorry. Help yourself . Do I bring a drink?
There is no necessary fee.
I want to come with me, please.
Now you have been reserved.
I want to reserve a seat in the economic class on the flight to London on Sunday.
It has thirty words. So three dollars please.
The gate can help you, or you can get it with a taxi.
Is the zoo closed?
Yes, I have two tickets for "giants" and "fraudsters".
We are one of the largest suppliers of microcoma.
What is the father's name?
I want to book a small bedroom.
Two people.
Thanks . Me too . Goodbye later.
My name is Suzuki. I have a sixth hour reservation.
Please cigarettes.
I just want to cut my hair.
I would like a series bracelet.
Double room with a bathroom, please.
It fell from the scale of the ladder.
I want to wander around the island.
Let's take a rest period. Do you want coffee?
I'm coming .
I left the room key inside. May I borrow the matching version of the key?
What is the ice cream that you recommend?
Hee. This is amazing . The color looks nice for you.
How much do I pay as a scrub?
Sorry. Does this bus go to Union Square Holiday In?
Can I get out of the car in Boston?
Can you come to me with a ticket?
Can I get a big bag?
This soup is very hot.
I would like a island.
We will contact you as soon as we are found.
Is one of your hobbies collecting stuffed animals?
I want to reserve Japanese Airlines on the twentieth of March.
There is no snow.
Where are the books of the foreign language?
Can Japan produce all the food you need?
Do you have any Japanese novels?
Two slices and a spray bottle.
It is crowded today?
Give me cigarettes.
So it means that I did not fail at all.
Entering the country is against the law. Sorry . Well, I am guessing how to take care of everything.
How many days of holidays do you get in the year?
We will stay for at least a week.
I would like an air pump.
Can I take the electrical train to Marin Tower?
I was canceled by Eh Eleven, which I was supposed to be on board.
Oh, really? I live in Kamakura and I hope you will see my home.
Where is the men's room?
I think it is somewhat clear to me.
I have some things you need to iron.
Please tell me your phone number.
Sorry, can you recommend a hotel?
Yes . How long you miss to see you here.
This is the last thing I will do.
Trains leave Kings Cross.
I lost my travel bag.
When will we return?
Japanese teenagers are interested in music.
I want to measure this shoe.
Yes, I called a short time ago.
Do you have a very sweet wine that is not very high?
I put a hairdresser today.
Is the plane on time?
How much do you receive to release it?
Where can I buy tickets for a mountain elevator?
Yes, I. They were living next to California, but they moved to Florida two years ago. What about you ? Do you travel alone?
Stewing looks fun. Are there any rounds that go near there?
I had a serious injury to my right foot.
I am residing at the Hilton Hotel.
Do you not have any foods to eat?
When does the train start?
By wild mail.
How do you want a segment of meat, sir?
I want to take the fast bus to the airport.
I am sick .
Thanks for coming to take me from the airport. You are very nice.
My child looks exhausted by fever.
I am afraid that Saturday will be cloudy.
How much does a car rental for a driver cost?
With this size, please.
Cultural merits are granted to distinguished artists and scientists on this day.
I am Japanese.
I love apples, but today I want to eat grapes.
Please nullify my card.
A red wine bottle, OK?
certainly . Do you have something specific, specific food in your mind?
Is this five cents silver?
For anything this sauce?
I have a thousand dollars in cash.
Lead left. It is right.
How many days do you receive?
Can you carry this luggage, please?
This is a very high price.
A small car, preferably a Japanese car.
What is the specialization of this country?
We have two or three at a beautiful level in the vicinity. Do you want to reserve you?
Okay . Istine the bus that goes to the Kyoto station.
May I have a hundred grams of pumpkin salad?
Do you want another character?
By the way, did you fill the tank before returning the car?
I want to go to San Diego.
There was political reform after his death, which is known as "Reform of the Tika era."
Is this for members only?
I left my handbag on the train.
Sorry, but the word "oliditozomaso" is so long that it is difficult to count the number of words. Since the number of letters each word should not exceed fifteen characters, I want you to divide it into two.
She leaves from two buses number.
If you want it.
What types of salads do you have?
Can you draw a map that enables me to get there?
I will recommend what you recommend.
What is shown now?
I would like a ink pen please.
Yes, ah, and pay a credit card.
Please bring breakfast to my room.
Do you have any tours for Pantheon?
My spoon has fallen.
Please spend a personal check.
The price of the room is six thousand yen per night.
Yes, thanks. My name is Mayori Yamaguchi from Japan. I arrived in the hotel a few moments ago.
My feet hurts me.
The sun is really burned. Did you put a sunscreen?
It takes about half a day. The tour guide will be here to come and take us around nine in the morning.
Where is the stadium?
There is a missing bottle.
I want an Italian uniform.
Well, it seems your appearance that your size is almost like my sizes. I usually wear a middle size.
The old wall clock has stopped. Can you change it?
Well, it looks somewhat narrow from the shoulders.
I would like a replacement card. When can I get it?
Can you call the police?
My phone number is four zero four, one two, three four, six, six seven.
Is there any problem?
New Year's dishes called Osichi Roio are almost every time.
Can I bring this on the plane?
The half -day tour allows desire for other things.
I will ask if I can take a picture with him.
Where is the type of leather made this book bag?
Good . كل ما أريده هو معرفة إذا ما كان المشروع سيحقق ربحاً .
It is very delicious.
The fare is different from reading the meter.
You are joking. Is there a cheaper way to send it?
I want to convert the Japanese yen into US dollars.
Beautiful . Do you want a rare that fits with this?
Can I move to the first row?
I want to register out now. Can you go down my luggage?
Refresh the battery, please.
Is there a clinic near here?
I am ready to order.
Do you have a screwdriver?
Who do you call if you face troubles?
Will you leave this trip on time?
Herbal bath salts make your skin texture smooth and smooth.
I will take three hundred grams of this.
He rushed to the center of the street where there was no intersection.
By chance, do you have travel insurance for this trip?
It is for your personal use, of course.
Write the name of the airline and flight number as well.
I want to leave the car at San Francisco Airport.
Some candy?
I want to make sure of the departure time.
I will be at the Hilton Hotel.
Can you send this message to me by mail?
truly . Today is Sunday, and Sunday is the worst days.
We have a family of four individuals, including my parents and my younger sister.
What is the artist's name?
Ask him to call before Japan's ten o'clock.
How can I reach the temple?
What do you drink?
Can you tell me the phone number of taxi company?
Three fried mocking cakes and a small, sweetened cake, please.
I will be there after an hour.
Welcome . Pierre Wan Fish & Grill. May I help you?
Thanks . May I speak from Mr. Yama, please?
Is there an exempted store of drawings near here?
How to pull money?
Okay . I would like to reaffirm the seventeenth number of seventeen heading to Tokyo on Sunday. My name is Rico Mori. MRI.
I want to know what kinds of colors that will be in line with fashion this fall.
I want to reserve a sleep seat for Washington DC, please.
I suggest that you also visit the United Nations building on the banks of the eastern river.
It is ninety -nine. I want to spend about ninety -nine dollars.
Please show me this pipe. the third .
If this person is budget, yes. But many families hold funerals in their homes.
White shirt and socks.
About a thousand dollars.
What is the cheapest ticket?
Cowed slice and green salad, please.
Good . Please take your comfort. Let me know, do you need anything.
This is what I wear.
I want to request a pizza. Who is delivering here? How much?
I will be late.
Do you have a better room?
It takes a full day. The state guide will be here to take us at nine in the morning.
Please choose a good winery for our meal.
I would like a fifty -one -dollar paper currency and five dollars, please.
Tokyo population is about twelve million. It is crowded and the price is high.
You can make a direct contact from your room.
How much do you receive as an additional drawing of one time?
Unfortunately, please.
How excessive time before we start?
Is this cream for dry skin or oily skin?
Sorry. I have gone astray.
Good . I was thinking about sushi. What about you?
I want to subscribe to the optional tour.
Okay . It is a problem that gets rid of waste.
I want this model for five places inlaid.
Do you give me a discount if you buy them all?
Most families have two sources of income.
Yes . This silver is rare "moon and bell". Do you want to change it for sure?
May I have two carbolies, each of which is a quarter of a gallon?
We will stay all night.
I would like to rent a car.
The third of November corresponds to Culture Day.
I am looking for a ten -year -old girl.
I've lost my passport .
Yes, with me.
My mother and sister are coming from Japan to see me. They will arrive here around seven in the evening.
Put the headphone once, please.
Rescue.
You get more than the fare.
I am waiting . Three residential squares and then headed?
Who is the hero?
Is there a market near here?
I don't know how to close these curtains.
How can I get to Central Park?
I got excited about it.
Send it with fast mail, please.
Please send this as a luggage that its owner does not accompany.
How much is the bus fare to Boston?
He passed from this door and went to your right.
You have to pay an additional price for sweet.
I am looking for others.
My name is Hesai Chiba. I am Japanese.
I would like some of the steady.
Give me a box of this category.
Brown is popular this year.
Okay . But we have many independent small retailers in the smaller cities and even in the old area of ​​the center of Tokyo.
Do you have anything better quality?
What do you like to see in Kyoto better than anything else?
A correct idea. When do you plan to come?
Where do you work ?
May I ask for a vegetable meal?
How much is the room?
It is not so bad. But I prefer to have a slightly more spice.
Can you recommend a French English dictionary?
Thanks . How beautiful it was to see you. Good-bye .
Can I take a rest in a hotel near here?
Eighteen dollars for stamps. This is a customs statement for your expulsion.
When will the doctor come?
Good . Two seats, please.
Are there any drinks on the compound?
The clouds look beautiful from here.
Can I help any means?
I would like to see the financial neighborhood.
I receive swimming lessons.
Do you have any ready coffee?
This airport corridor is not very crowded on Tuesday afternoon.
Is it very bright?
Yes, let me see. I would like a wine bottle I start with.
Fix the lamp, please.
I want to change the reservation.
You may lose reservation if forgot.
Any good person will be appropriate.
We will meet you at the pool about one hour, agree?
both . This sidewalk is intended for the train that goes in the opposite direction.
Where is the market ?
Thanks . I appreciate your interest a lot.
I want to have a dinner meal with less than thirty dollars, including drinks.
I want you to have these clothes.
Welcome . I reserved this night at seven o'clock. But I want to change the time. My name is Suzuki.
Do you have a passport and ticket? You see, this is an exempted store of drawings.
What kind of products that suit oily skin?
It is about to start.
What do you think of going to cinemas?
I want to spend a tourist check.
No, we do not do that, sir.
I would like to measure my race suit.
You can go walking or via the subway. And here is the map of the subway.
Here is the tip, for you.
I want a sandal, please.
Fruitful flowers. It blooms in the spring.
My bottles are additional beer, please.
I thought you were young people, you only eat baked cakes.
Ten, please.
Thanks . Please let me know when we will get there. I am completely strange to London.
black . Can you see an other black husband?
How long does it take to get the switch and how much is the cost?
Please warm the room immediately.
Good . Let me get a back and back ticket.
How was it? Was it good?
They are usually a snowfall with an inch thick or two.
At Plaza Hotel, room number seven zero two.
I don't know . I am a new one who entrusted them all.
Your song is beautiful, wonderful.
I am connecting you immediately.
I have eaten for a while.
What is the price of a first -class ticket to Edinburgh, please?
It is a pleasure.
Do you have stamps?
certainly . When do you want to play?
When will it be closer?
It seems that the money you gave me is deficient.
Welcome . Is this the Brown family?
May I see that hat offered in Al -Fitrina, please?
I contacted Mr. Smith in a two -zero -number room a few moments ago, but no one responded. Can you see, are you still residing here?
It will be appropriate if the atmosphere is beautiful tomorrow.
How long does it take from here?
I asked for a non -smoker, but I am now sitting in a seat for smokers.
Good . Please book two first -class seats on this trip.
You are infected with appendicitis.
Can you find a children's cliff?
A small brown bag. It is made of leather.
I want a modern one.
O most appropriate: the bus or the subway?
Twenty and ten minutes.
A swollen ankle.
I was really lucky to get this tonight ticket. I did not reach the city until three in the afternoon.
One of the locks of windows is broken.
I work for a publishing company.
I want to send it by quick mail.
Can you prefer and fill this?
Are there any private rooms available in the first class?
May I have gifts for these people?
What is this street?
Since I brought very much souvenirs to put them in my travel bag, I wanted to have a bag or something like that.
Can you weigh this expulsion?
Well, sir. Let me take care of your belongings first.
The same, please.
Well, my reservation has been confirmed, so can you call the manager, please?
What do you call this in English?
He remained walking through this corridor, and you will find it on the right side.
I have no money.
I want to insure this.
See everything, please.
Give us a beautiful table close to the platform, please.
Do we go to a pub?
Can you bring me a smaller size?
Good morning . This is the reception office. May I help you?
If you are smoking, please go to the rows from forty to fifty.
calm .
Please fold your sleeves.
It is not generous to let me stay here.
Does this bus go to the airport?
I want to book a table for three individuals.
What after this afternoon, around four o'clock?
Three in the morning.
On the fifth floor.
Where do I report it?
Do you have a course for beginners?
I would like a number of wax pens.
It is not necessary to clean the room.
Good . Please enter.
Yes, sir. I come here for breakfast every day, from Monday to Friday, before going to work.
Isn't it a beautiful day?
Who is the manager?
Open your bag, please. These pills are medicine, right?
May I reserve at eight thirty tomorrow morning?
There are no problems.
Please call me three two, six, nine eight.
Saturday is not appropriate because I have to help my father.
I want to go to the nearest bus stop.
He stole my passport.
Serve with rice and vegetables.
I want to change my request.
Yes, sir. I will convert your call immediately. Please wait.
I would like to invite you to a birthday party.
Well, you should contact me before the next time.
Where is the field?
Do you have any other trips?
You can take them at the gate before boarding on the plane. Please show me this receipt there.
Yes, we can do your service starting from the seventh.
There is no of these stores in Japan. So, what can I do?
indeed .
Please lie here.
What a fast service!
I want to change my journey to October 9.
Popular pork meal here.
Can you tell me about the date of the bus to reach a street number and forty two?
Leave left at the second banner, please.
Where are the other people?
Which floor?
In different colors?
Maybe you will continue to rise.
Is there a microwave?
Where is the conference center?
First degree, a seat for non -smokers, please.
Should I commit to bed?
Can you re -release within a day?
What is your special dish?
I am with my husband .
Can you see a number of identity cards?
My blood family.
Can I move to a room overlooking the ocean?
Go back, please.
Can I go there?
What kind of rooms do you prefer?
Please go to the next intersection.
Show me, please.
Sorry. How can I reach the bank?
certainly . TNAKA. The card number is one of three five five six eight. Its validity will end in the month of September two thousand and one.
Close, at what time?
Is there a bus transport service to the Ford Museum?
Please comment passengers.
Okay . Your name and room number, please.
A tourist check, agree?
How long does it take to reach Japan by air mail?
Does taxis come here?
The World Trade Center may be a good place.
What did he say?
What is the uniform?
Good . I see you two o'clock on Sunday.
It is a small blue bag carrying at night.
Do I have to move to the ride of another plane?
Can you tell the code number of St. Louis?
I would like the lenses of a telephographic camera.
naturally . I have been wandering the car in this area for more than ten years.
I would like a lamp.
Can I get a medicine?
I am infected and nausea. Is there a seat that is lying on it?
Is this Vinyl?
My key, please. Room number forty -one.
Can you mark my map?
Where should I wait?
Where is the shopping center?
I want to order New York on my way to Toronto.
It broke the sliding reins. Do you have more of the same type?
Please about this money into dollars.
Get a tap water, with a snow.
Do you have free movies?
Today, the first diving sites are one of the most famous slopes in Hawaii.
Please transfer me to another room.
I want a thermometer.
This is a kind of religion.
There is something wrong with the filter.
I want to reserve at seven o'clock.
I want to book two seats for Friday evening.
Can you reaffirm my trip? Here is a flight ticket.
There is behind the hospital.
How much is the second -class ticket for New York?
What exciting novel do you recommend?
We have aspirin.
I hurt myself.
Put the headphone, please.
How do I get there?
I would like a sample of your urine.
Do you have this dark green?
Can you take me to Canterbury and bring me back here?
You are supposed to take your luggage from the functioning of the luggage.
How long does the train stand here?
You need to take the stomach medicine.
Are you open on Sundays?
How much do you receive a month?
Please give me your opinion frankly in this.
May I have another fork?
Thank you very much for your sympathy.
How much is the extra fees?
Blever to my gums when I click on it.
Can you keep this with you?
I paste the luggage demand card on the ticket cover.
The drunkards themselves in every country.
Good . Why not check the bathroom room first? I will check and see if it is in the restaurant.
Please show me a little smaller.
I am wounded and I need an ambulance.
Where can I take the limousine for the Hilton Hotel?
The water leaks from the pipe.
Can you send me the things you left?
Can I make a call from this phone?
I am not sure.
I want to try the local private dish.
Sorry, we do not sell tickets for the theater.
I want to see this.
Oh, this is beautiful. What should I make?
After that, I want to draw your attention to the number one map three police.
Is there any change in a journey number two five two heads to Osaka?
I want to extend my stay here for two other days.
What do you think of this kite made in Scotland?
Oh, that's what I want to do now. One, two, sleep.
Please change my seat.
I want a light ripple for my hair, please.
Is there a small bus that will come to take us from Holiday In?
There must be something wrong.
naturally . How long do you think it will take?
I can give you as a substance, but I suggest that you go to the doctor to get an X -ray image.
Please be on your convenience and your man.
You are right, I know, why don't we go there together?
We have a very wonderful shrimp today.
It all happened suddenly. So I did not see their faces.
Thanks . Can you prepare power?
Can it be connected to this address?
Ah, another, please. Maybe I threw my eyes.
What time does it remain open?
Bring me a dish, please.
I can talk a little English.
Well, I don't like this color. Do you have this blue?
Please tell me the address of the correspondence on you in the event of an emergency.
I am sure to fill the gasoline tank when I prepared the car.
The house seems comfortable to stay in it.
When do you leave this plane?
This was damaged.
Yes, well.
Let's go again.
Two tonights, please.
For smokers or not?
Do you sell taxes exempt from taxes?
She hurt her head.
Is this a luggage carrier for a number seven four?
I heard about twenty dollars.
My name is Nogucci. I called you from the hotel a few moments ago.
It is very expensive for me. Can't you reduce the price a little?
Where is the Japanese embassy? Do you mind drawing a map for me?
I would like a room overlooking a beautiful view.
I am ready on Wednesday morning or Friday afternoon.
Is it close to the subway station?
I did not reserve.
Bus? I think you mean a Limousine to you to the hotel. What hotel are you going?
Can you take a picture of me?
I want to withdraw four hundred dollars from my account.
I will arrive within ten minutes.
What hours do they open?
This is Mr. Suzuki talking, I want to ask about the hotel reservation.
How long will you stay in Germany?
Can I receive a private lesson?
This film contains many violent scenes that are not suitable for children. It should be banned.
Can you make the thermostat more warm?
Please modify the afternoon plan?
Because summer in Japan is usually very hot, and we have no old air conditioning.
Thanks . Please go up and then bring the rest later.
Please go down at the fifth street.
How long does it take to reach the airport?
I would like a treatment for pimples.
I would like to reserve at seven o'clock.
Can you call me a taxi at eight in the morning tomorrow?
Do you have sexual films?
Is there a Japanese menu?
My car was broken.
It is suspicious.
My friend fell from the top of the cliff.
I am happy to know you, sir.
How much was the cost of phone calls to Japan?
I can't enter.
Why don't we wait for the bus under the stretching?
When will it be available?
Sorry. I think my seat is next to your seat.
Here we have arrived. This is the British Museum.
Welcome . Here is a menu.
I would like to polish my shoes.
Come, Kenji. Let me show you throughout the office.
Yes, it's open from nine to nine.
It was like a dream.
Three o'clock.
I am sorry that I cannot accept the invitation for my association with another date.
Until what late time can we use facilities?
I can't sleep well at night.
I left my handbag somewhere.
What list does it recommend?
How did the recession affect the company?
Does it include service and tax fee?
I will go to the gate on my wheelchair.
I feel very good now. Thank you very much for everything.
Where can I fix it?
No, not yet. But I would like to go there one day.
I have another date.
May I read it?
I want to make an appointment to dry my hair at three o'clock.
How long does it take to get there?
The weather is cold . Maybe I will order another blanket?
Does this line go to San Diego?
How long does it take to reach Japan by wild mail?
Lead left after this pedestrian bridge passed.
For this, are these conditions acceptable?
I can't afford more.
Make a light beer, please.
I would like a cigarette box.
May I have a map of the city's roads?
Many colds are prevalent these days.
Please heat the dish again.
Should I wear a tie?
I would like a dry hair shampoo.
How can I get to the Wanny Hotel?
I am afraid that you came to the wrong table.
I want to study medicine.
I still condemn me in a dollar and seventy cents.
Are there any care instructions?
Good . I will request a chaplaye wine. And you, Jin?
This is what I was looking for.
No, the leather bags are higher. This is leather. The price of one hundred and seventy -five dollars.
We are interested in furniture.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I do not understand your explanation.
Do you sell ink pens?
No, we will not. I must go home before the seventh.
The means of transportation should have been managed. Going to Boston.
Where is the best place to see the landmarks?
The match ended.
Do you have a pure silver color of this?
It seems that I lost the Master Card while I was shopping here.
No, thanks. I am sleepy now.
I am having trouble. Please help me.
In which floors are men's clothes?
My right hand was suffered from hot water burns in the bowl.
How can I get tickets?
My name is Kami. I have a reservation here for two nights.
Fast to the airport, please.
I am not good at English.
You are very nice.
We will take the subway, but we have to bring souvenirs first.
It has been nascent. I had about two hundred dollars in the wallet.
Okay . Under the seat.
Where is the closest healthy food store?
both . Later, please.
I feel a cold.
Is it solid?
I enjoyed a lot.
What are the descriptions of the actor?
So well, I want a smaller racket stick like that with Julia Roberts.
Where is the location of this seat?
There are many historical areas.
Can you take this, please?
Where is the best place I can visit with my friend?
No, no. I would like to see you.
Does it have a guarantee?
Good . I can give it to you.
Where is the nearest store from here?
When will we arrive?
So, a secret through the green canal.
What are the prices of dishes today?
Can you convert French francs into £ £?
Passengers traveling on ABC Air Lines Flight number seven zero three heading to Tokyo, kindly go to the twenty gate to finish the official procedures.
Where can I take my luggage on board Japanese Airlines flight number twenty?
Where is the bus position for me?
Six drinks account is ten and fifty cents.
Oh, I'm sorry. Perhaps it was in your mind somewhere. Where did you want to go?
May I take your request, sir?
Can you believe in this expulsion?
What kind of hairstyle in the United States of America now?
What is the Bakht Stone of Leonio?
Do you have measles?
Do you like music?
Bath, flood.
Yes, Dr. Johnson accepted me yesterday.
Do you know where to take place?
Can you explain to me how to close the door?
I want to receive a lesson on the diver's breathing device.
Where did you do this mainly, and for when?
Where should I leave it after a week?
I understand. You are paying only an excessive drawing.
Welcome . I want to order a coffee and a fast sandwiches.
the curse . I stopped at a security checkpoint again.
Entering one by one, please.
A secret in a straight line, and you will find it to your left.
Ankle hurts me.
I feel a simple dizzy.
He seems to enjoy the trip.
What bus was on board?
Can you recommend a comedy movie?
Well, what do you think of this belt made of high -quality goat skin?
Where can I buy table bedspreads?
It is on this paper.
May I get a medical report and a receipt for my insurance?
I want to book in the hotel, please.
Please wait for a moment. I will go and ask him.
I download it at the Big Hotel, please.
What is the cheapest price?
Next seats are as much as possible, please.
The door will not open.
Can you allow taking a picture of you with us?
Do you have fried fish?
Can I rent a guide speaking the Japanese language?
Which do you think it is better as a gift for an eight -year -old boy?
Means in the city?
Wan Blot Plate Spacall. Did you prepare it?
Do you have maps for the city center?
This is Ali.
I came to tell her just welcome.
Please fill when the car is returned.
What do you recommend? I do not know what works because I am not a smoke.
How long do you want to use?
Can you call for anyone speaking the Japanese language?
I would like a dinner meal that costs forty dollars per person.
Do you want me to take a picture for you?
It seems that she was stolen.
Roasted bread and a cup of coffee, please.
Your name and address, please.
Welcome . Can I help you?
With the range of fifty -eight minutes, if you do not mind.
I did not have this dish.
Are there any facilities for the disabled?
Will the wound on my skin remain?
We use eating sticks to eat meals.
Flassing parties are held under the fruitful trees.
The Yanaend Airlines Airlines has arrived at a trip number of five three.
I cut my finger. Is there an antiseptic?
I am very honored to meet a wonderful man like you.
Mr. Einstein, may I ask you a question about the exchange rate? I do not understand how you can accuse Japan of unfair commercial practices in this absolute way.
When can we hit the golf ball?
We will come and take you in front of the hotel.
Can I get ninety -five cents?
Let me measure your temperature. Do you have an appetite for food?
Yes, one moment, please. There is a vacant seat at the back, so you can go there.
How do I reach this title?
Can you reserve a room for me?
I will be here eight o'clock to a quarter.
I will take a seat in the main hall.
I want something a little cheaper.
It is a little tight.
They say it is about to fall ice.
Thank you . I wish you a happy stay.
Sushi is a small oval rice ball covered with raw or shellfish slices.
I am afraid that I will not be able to agree to this credit card.
I want a perfume.
May I have a schedule?
I will hold a party. I hope you come.
Will you go to school here?
Do you want a place for smokers or for non -smokers?
Can you tell me the value of the amount?
No, I only look.
How much was it?
Is the Hilton Hotel far from here?
I want to contact our guide. Can you show me how to make a call?
Please check my car.
I will do it. Thanks for your help.
Twenty dollars, a quarter -dollar category, please.
Do you know which restaurants open until late at night?
I am sure I put it in my papers.
Raise your hands.
Is there a restaurant that you can recommend near here?
Which do you prefer, dark or light?
Sorry. I did not understand the meaning of this traffic light.
Do you open twenty -four hours?
I am not sure which buses go to Wall Street.
Does this bus stand near Green Park?
Can you tell me about the location of the plane now?
Can you find me a size that suits me?
Thanks . I'll take another bottle please.
Can you recommend any of the tourism agencies?
Three Percoli Pad Cups please.
Do you have a fever?
What kind of travel bags?
I would like a sign.
The total fare is ninety -five thousand nine hundred and thirty yen.
A ticket to get and ride another plane please.
The home medical visits of the room are expensive. Please use the hotel's detection room.
The secret of this way and headed to the intersection. The hotel is located there.
Where is a nice place to spend a single day?
I would like a grilled beef sandwich.
I am not the person responsible for gloves, please take care of it.
I would like a red Kelly bag the same model.
Sorry. How can I reach Union's church?
Please ask her to call me when you enter.
About ten minutes.
Will you work the appointment schedule?
When will we arrive in Schater?
When does the bank open?
I feel tired.
Sorry, but this does not seem correct.
Fuel ran out of my car.
Hello, this room number one twenty -three. I want a blanket, please.
Please book a table for four members of the seven o'clock. My name is Sakata.
I will confuse. Do you mind drawing a map?
I don't think they have more, but I got it from the third street.
Abroad.
Please Zaki store.
Summer time will start tomorrow in the United States, if you remember properly.
Can you keep my bags here until the fourth?
Did you tell me about a place where I eat food at an economic cost?
Take me to a hospital .
I missed a station.
Forty and forty minutes in the evening.
Should I come to the hospital every day?
I would like mineral water.
My stomach hurts me.
The air conditioner appears to be not working.
How much mail fare to send this letter to Japan?
I would like a bottle of Sherry's Spanish wine.
Where is the dinner?
Do you want to say that the statue of freedom is worth going to see it?
Tokyo zero, three two, four zero, five seven nine.
May I order a cup of wine?
It was great.
I couldn't understand that. He said very much.
Put them in the refrigerator as quickly as possible.
Where is the nearest clothing store?
What are the necessary papers for a lawsuit?
I suggest that you come in May or October as they are the best seasons of the year.
With this multi -section, there is the best collection in the city. I am sure you can buy the carpet you are looking for.
I love it as I wanted to visit it for a long time.
I want a seat next to the corridor and close to the emergency exit.
I am wet with sweat.
Yes, what do you want to change?
Okay . May I see your students ’identity card?
It coincides with the third and fifth of May national holidays. So we decided to make three days holidays by adding the fourth of May.
Do you want anyone to come to take you from the airport?
Our food has not yet come.
Can you recommend a concert?
The boarding will start on the plane at four and a half, so please be there before this date.
Its price is eighty -five cents. Do not forget to get the change ticket from one bus to another when riding, so that you do not need to pay again when it changes between buses.
A call to Japan and the account on the other end, please.
From thirty thousand yen.
Where can I buy a phone card from?
There is something wrong with the shots.
Both airports will definitely serve as new windows to enhance communication between people in other countries.
When does the store open?
Take a line to the fourth street and then change the F line.
Many children go to the preparatory school until they enter better secondary schools and universities.
It is the supplies of photography machines. It is very easy to break.
Can I return it in a different city?
I plan to stay for twelve days.
I am going to New York in work.
The price of the first three minutes.
Please make the top a little longer.
Where is the laundry that works with metal money?
You need to see a specialist.
Another few minutes please.
What is shown in the opera tonight?
Fourteen path.
I take this medicine every six hours.
Can you send this by mail?
The sea floor is covered with coral.
I want to make a call at the expense of the other party.
Oh, you have? Certainly, you have a large assortment.
How much do you receive?
Of course you can. Please open it.
Take.
Are we all entering at the same time?
The secret of ahead in this street, then head left at the second presidency and you will find it.
Can you keep my room key?
You can join a fifty -nine -nine trip, which will leave for Tokyo at nine and fifty -five minutes and will reach Saboro at eleven and twenty -five minutes.
Our oyster dish is somewhat light.
One category fifty, five category twenty, and ten ten, please.
He headed left at the second corner. It is to your right.
I can't find it anywhere.
Two second degrees to Rome.
Do you have any vacant seats for London?
Can I pay now?
Can you see a list of cars and their prices?
When does the boarding start on the plane?
Please show me my place on this map.
I want to dive under the water using breathing devices.
Some of a woman in the middle of her life.
Do you have one blue?
This King Street.
Go to the third intersection.
I would like a copy of the theft report.
The bathtub stopping does not work.
Is there a good women's clothing store?
It is one corner on the street.
You have to manage a seat for me on this trip.
That bag looks like a travel bag, but it is not it.
Where can I convert my money?
It is a ticket discount center. You can buy half -price tickets.
Can you give me a sign of light when you are in it?
Oh, this is relatively far away, sir. The taxi will cost a lot. But you can go anywhere if you learn to use the subway.
Are these cigarettes moderate?
Good . Such a pulled.
When will the semester begin?
The next highway will come an hour later.
I will send you a picture.
Is there a period of grace after the time of the exit?
Can you disassemble these to one -dollar category currencies?
both . I will call it again.
I would like to make the sleeves of this sporty jacket long.
Coffee is on the table there, so you should help yourself.
I would like to turn my hair.
This road leads you to the lake.
These two tables show the changes in our share of the market.
I missed my station. How long did it take to the next station?
When can I get it?
I will take an X -ray image.
It is better to get a date from the doctor.
I have a two -night reservation. Risa Kobayashi's name.
I have a reservation . This is the reservation confirmation number.
Did you join us in this picture, please?
Where is the shower?
I will go to the fitness club. Can I use devices freedom?
I put it here in this way about thirty minutes ago.
Can I eat all this fruit?
Which is cheaper: this or that?
Can I move to a seat next to the window?
I would like a car with an automatic transmission.
Please, thirty -five millimeters.
When do you open ?
Star turns at the intersection of roads, T.
I would like a special guide for a full day.
My gums bleed.
I have insurance.
No, not much. Only two bags.
Please, I would like a small bottle of banana wine.
This honor is more than it deserved.
Why do we not meet here again?
What is the thing that was produced locally?
Prefer your bill. It is two hundred and four dollars.
Do you want to take a look at another model of blouses?
If you are not dealing with this field, did you propose a specialist in it?
Is there a hotel close to here?
Do you know any Spanish restaurant near here?
How many times should I take?
Thanks for your waiting. With you, Ohno talks.
Your birthday approaches.
How much is the discount that you will offer me?
I see that going to museums is very comfortable.
The trains stopped due to the strike.
Can I get some juice?
Good . One moment. I will send a person to the room on the upper floor.
Can you fix that?
Do you have a single room for tonight?
Are there any slopes that are shaved for beginners?
Two, six, nine, one, zero, five, one. The code of the area is zero, three.
I see that you have a beautiful living room.
Sorry, do not accept this. We take a visa.
I recommend this.
Is it allowed to take them with me outside the country?
I want more time to prepare my bags.
I asked to sing a song.
I would like to book a table at six in the evening, on Thursday, the seventh of August.
What is today's program?
Yah, will we hit the bottom?
Sherry, please.
The street was crowded with cars.
Is it possible to nominate a beautiful Chinese restaurant close to here?
How much does it cost to go to the airport?
I want to leave. The room number two, sixty -three.
I booked a bathroom in Hammam through the Tokyo Tourist Office.
What is the amount he was taking?
What do you think of that?
Can I get a billionaire?
Can you show me the road to the metro station?
It is the second building to the left of this white building.
This statement is very less than the truth.
I want to stay another day.
Where is the missing section?
Allow me.
We booked a seat for the twenty -fifth of October at eleven in the morning.
no . A little in front. There, yes.
Is this a horror movie?
I came to meet my friend.
I would like a radio device.
Where is the beauty center?
International call worker, please.
Sorry. I am leaving.
All t -tickets are carried out.
Is there a Japanese bank near here?
What is the bar number?
Did you describe some of the sleep tablets?
Is there anything made of cotton?
I would like a seat in the hall, please.
Yes, this does not include meals.
Where can I restore the price of this ticket?
Can you pay the excessive cost of fifty percent?
Why does this happen?
I would like to enlarge this image to the largest size.
Please, click on the zero number and then call the number you want.
Are there any special rules?
Good . What kind of room do you want?
There is a malfunction in the adaptation.
Yes, of course.
I would like a pair of leather shoes.
Do you think we can put it on the shelf there?
Can we get a guide speaking Japanese?
Please, I would like two tickets to Chicago back and forth, in the forum bus.
Where is a famous disco?
Can you adjust the length?
Oh you. What do you do inside my car?
I want to get a break.
I'll take this please.
I must change my adhesive lenses. This is the medical ticket.
Yes, I think I will start with a fish -equipped chapender soup.
Did you tell me before we got to this station?
Wonder. I did this during all entry procedures.
My car was broken. Please come to take it.
I have a two -week reservation.
Sorry. My watch does not work well. But I am sure that the time is now after two, however.
Can you keep this wine until tomorrow evening?
I want my hair to be a little longer.
I would like to get some joke as well.
Does this street lead to Central Park?
I cannot urinate and have pain in the bottom of the abdomen.
Do you suffer from any sensitivity?
The number of women increases in leadership positions.
Do you have an access card?
What do you offer with meat?
Let me see.
Let me measure this, please.
Let's go to watch a tennis match.
What types do you have?
Please, bring me a pillow.
I agree. It is one of my favorite places.
What kind of model do you think?
Why can't we stay in the hotel where we booked?
The number is wrong.
The ribs dish is very distinct today.
It is Thursday.
What is the most famous musical play now?
Do I make him call you when he arrives?
My name is Methako Tanaka, and the trip number to Tokyo is five, zero, one.
Please send this letter via a special delivery service.
Your product development system is prohibited to preserve the environment.
All of these foods are still in my stomach.
Please, have you drawn a simple map from here?
Where do we meet?
Please, the room systems.
Do you have models to use in fax?
I can't sleep from pain.
I would like to style my hair the way it was before.
How long does it take to go to the station?
I did not use your laundry service.
I would like some contraceptives.
I would like to reaffirm the Tirani trip on the thirty -first of July from London to Tokyo. Family name Tanaka.
This price is very high for me.
Give me fifty, please.
certainly . Can I know your name and phone number?
You are in a motorcycle accident.
Sorry, I have to cancel our date.
I would like to rent a furnished apartment for a month.
You have to check plants and animals in the quarantine if you have any of them.
Sit up straight.
I would like to change fifty thousand Japanese yen to dollars.
Can I receive it faster? Because I need it as soon as possible.
He was born in a thousand nine hundred and sixty.
I need at least half an hour to prepare my bags.
These soft drinks are free.
Sorry, but I don't know. I am a tourist, too.
I want to talk to you more.
I would like a mixture of pork.
What is your size?
Can I measure that?
As you see, we suffer from the direct impact from the occurrence of recession.
Can you find me a seat on your flight tomorrow?
certainly . Do you want five papers of ten dollars?
I hold at the ABC Hotel. Please call me there.
He surprised me by appearing from a side street and I had no time to avoid it.
I will take my son to the zoo.
After driving, Los Angeles will reach nearly five hundred and fifty kilometers from San Francisco towards the south.
It was very nice to meet you.
Please baked potatoes please. Then put the butter on the side.
What is the cost of the teacher?
Are you done ?
Where can I enter the Japanese Airlines entry procedures?
When does the opera start?
This is our new model. We call it a dream computer.
What are the contents?
I want to try a dish for this hunting port.
Can you attend an automatic seat?
You can pay two hundred dollars in Japan.
Please give me a thirty -five millimeter movie, thirty -six pictures and the Aza movie, with the standards of the American Society, a hundred pictures and another thirty -five millimeters, twenty pictures, and the Four hundred Aza movie.
The accident confused traffic.
What price do you think?
Can they send this expulsion to Japan by marine mail.
Are there any places in the region that receive a lot of recommendation?
Good . He turned to the right in the next setting. You will find it in front of you directly.
I would like to book a room in a hotel in the city.
For five days.
The red that I bought last week does not suit me. Can it be replaced by another color?
Where is the nearest toilet here?
Where is my seat ?
Good . Three films for nine dollars and seven years.
What happened to me?
Sorry, you are not allowed.
Yes, sir. Help yourself .
Book this place for me, will you do?
Please give me some joke.
Are there any old traces?
Good . I will make sure that your bags will be here.
If you just say the word "water", do they not bring a gas water for you?
This is our distinctive dish, the thickness of the roasted Moses of the Pop.
I don't want to vomit, but I have no appetite.
where ?
Where is the nearest post office?
I lost my room key. Did anyone return it here?
Is there a guide who speaks Japanese?
To Miami, please.
It is difficult to get a visa.
The work was good today, right?
Can you draw a map for me?
I want the closer table, please.
Where is the box office?
Do you have something smaller?
Good . What kind of fruits do you want? We have oranges, strawberries and grapes.
I will eat a little coffee.
Can I take a bag of this size to the board?
I would like a permanent ripple in my hair.
I cannot reach this number.
We will stay.
I am really depressed, but I don't like the debate with people.
Where can I find a limousine to a hotel called.
No, did not. Now we are in the heart of the tropical hurricane. The heavy rains and winds will soon start.
How can I watch TV programs?
May fifteen and sixteen?
I had a cash card of two hundred dollars in a metal portfolio.
I have been subjected to a robbery.
I would like to buy a new glasses portfolio.
Good . Should I focus it?
Do you know a good hotel?
He is a university professor at the University of A.
Please, I need a porter.
When will it remain open today?
Can you emphasize my reservations for the flight on the twelfth of October?
This suits me.
Take five dollars for you.
The baseball is very popular.
I want to buy some fruits. What is appropriate now?
Do they offer a good wine in the restaurant?
We will share.
Do you have a larger size?
Where is the bus station heading to the Greund buses?
Sorry. Is there a store near here?
Yes . I must say this. The Japanese appreciate their experience and wisdom, especially in the fields of business administration and individuals.
The restaurant is there.
The number was wrong.
We have some very good stacks today.
We do not have the same model now. I will check our stock. Wait a minute, please.
Is it possible to take a picture of this building?
Replace this banknote coins.
Scottish whiskey and water please.
This looks great. What is the price?
Does anyone talk here English?
My name is Miwi Kato and I am a friend of Mary since she was studying in Japan, is Mary here?
How many miles is the place away from here?
Excuse me, how do I go to the station?
Where and how long will you return again?
It is broken.
I am in good condition, thank you.
I am a member of the tourists group.
The number is zero, three, three, three, five, six, nine, one.
Take this medical ticket to the pharmacy. You can get the medicine from there.
Can you show me this ring?
The center size is very large. Do you have a smaller size than that?
Can you shorten the sleeves of this shirt please?
Is there any problem?
Please bring me two bottles of whiskey and a bottle of brandy.
I am allergic to pollen.
Is this transistor radio a gift?
After a week, I will return to Japan.
You should call nine and one first, then the area code, then call the number.
I asked for that.
Bulk tea.
Just cut hair, please.
Do you sell goods without customs on board?
Why does that happen?
Can I ask about your name?
Is there a place near here?
I suffer from stomach pain.
But why?
Yes, you can stop at any station between here and Chicago.
Is this a direct train to Chicago?
I thought we were going to the beach in the afternoon.
Where is the nearest post office?
Sorry. Are you Mr. Smith, I think so?
Where can I buy some souvenirs?
This is a camera.
I don't think I will have time to visit the zoo on this trip. Thank you for your suggestion anyway.
I lost my adhesive lenses near here. Did you search for it with me?
I will travel throughout America and stay in many private hotels, gossip, and private homes, if you are lucky.
I need a new electric bulb.
We can get changes tomorrow by three o'clock in the afternoon. Is this good?
Is there a subway near here?
It is expensive. I can't buy it.
Where is the commercial neighborhood in this city?
I think you made a mistake in the account.
Can you change my table?
Can I get the ABC and the company in Chicago please?
The flight of two, zero, seven, which leaves tomorrow, fifty -seven minutes in the evening to New York.
Where is the cathedral?
Have you lost the key to the room?
Papers of the twentieth category and one of the ten category, and the rest is the banknotes of the dollar category.
I think this receipt is wrong. Did you see it, please?
I have seven hundred dollars in the form of tourist checks and three hundred dollars in cash.
They are dried naval herbs that we call "Yakanuri".
How do you like to eat eggs?
About fifteen minutes. You can also get there in the metro, it's faster.
Please normal size.
I do not have enough money with me today.
The numbers of elderly people increase constantly.
It is located next to this building specifically.
I want to reaffirm my return trip to Tokyo next Wednesday.
Is there a tennis court near here?
You will have to wait. Do you want to wait?
Do you have a tour every day?
How will the weather be tomorrow?
Some sweets or frankincense, please.
Do we have time to go to the bathroom before taking off?
Do you come with a key?
I need a boat to prevent nausea from a Dramamine class.
Yes . I tried it. And I love him a lot.
I love her a lot, but I don't like design.
I am grateful to have a friend like you.
No, I think they forgot to bring one to us.
Please sit. What is the problem?
I am not sure but I will inform her that you called.
Can you bring me a blanket?
Do you sell heavy socks?
When does the last bus leave?
Good . I want this, the syrup of the jinn and the tunic drink.
Is there a TV?
Good . It has been confirmed. Can we take your phone number if you need to call you?
What happens in the bags that you entered?
Oh, not serious about doing something like that.
I want someone to help me.
I will also go to Chicago.
Do you have lists of five cents in this casino?
What will you take?
What do you feature here?
When will we go down in New York?
No, nothing.
What is the name of the painter?
What do you want to eat in breakfast?
I would like a long coat.
You don't have to go there. I think you can catch one here.
To the Boston Hotel, please.
Do I make him come back when you come back?
Clean this please.
Twelfth o'clock in the afternoon.
Did you give me history and flight numbers?
Will it serve food?
Where is the hotel break?
just a little .
Did you check it quickly?
Do you have a different style of this?
This is underway.
Delicious. Take a bite.
Did we stop at a café?
One hundred yen against the dollar.
Standing hurts me.
Yes, we can get it ended by tomorrow evening.
I suffer from hay fever.
I would like to take this.
Certainly, prefer.
Are there places where I can see the Hola dance width while I drink?
The secret of descending in this street to the second intersection.
My name is Taro Takai.
I want to play a little longer.
Do you have stamps?
Where is the food cart?
We will arrive after thirty minutes of the scheduled time.
This room number three, fifty -seven. And I want more hair softening.
I love this service by providing Champagne to salute after taking off. Let me drink in your health.
Where is the exhibition?
Forty dollars per day, in addition to eight cents per mile.
Another place that can attract your attention is the world -famous Brunx Zoo.
Will the wind increase in the afternoon?
I bet five dollars.
Ten stamps of thirty -two cents please. Do you have any beautiful stamps?
In the evening, please.
Do you have this model in a brown color?
I am here to get a language course.
Give me two tickets for this Thursday.
Please write a letter to me.
When does the bus leave to Pimliko?
Can I use this coupon for aircraft?
I would like to shave my chin.
I was spoken in my ankle. And I suffer a lot.
Is this a person's request.
I would like a thin nail poem on my nails.
Do you have a table for three people?
Did you tell me how do I go to the museum?
I want to buy fish taste.
Very sorry, but I would like to postpone the date.
Let me review and see if there are vacant places.
Did you nominate me a short trip?
Where is the reception office?
I have been hit.
You will leave your travel number eight.
Phone factor. I would like to make a long -term call to the Sheraton Hotel.
I will arrive at about ten thirty in the evening.
Please, call the Japanese embassy.
Kimono is the traditional costume of Japan.
Yes, but I did the first round in two months. I am still a beginner.
The seat behind my chair does not move.
This will help me a lot. By the way, I wonder if I can stay in the same room.
The air conditioner does not work. My room is very cold.
I am looking for a bag with a belt.
I would like to stay under a hundred and eighty dollars.
Can I get a first -class football match ticket?
Can I get a cabbage salad instead of this group of salads?
Please make sure you come and see me at seven in the morning tomorrow.
He stole my passport.
Are you keen to eat Italian food?
I would like a slice of pizza in sausage.
I would like a kebab.
Do you have any orange juice?
I would like a thirty -six film of thirty -five millimeters negative, please.
please . Show me bags, please.
How much is the nearest gas station?
When is the next train for Boston?
Please, send this letter by air mail.
I want to emphasize a flight reservation.
I feel rotated.
What is the rate for each tent?
I have a date with Mr. Wilson at exactly three o'clock.
Can these lenses be changed with stronger lenses?
Let me say what I want.
What is the price of this?
Can I leave a message to him?
Is Hard Rock Café away from here?
Hello . Take an idea.
Good . Now, is it possible to buy tickets for the "Opera Ghost" for a Saturday morning party?
Can it be promised for me?
I am in a hurry. I want to call a taxi now.
The atmosphere is cold this morning, right?
I booked by GTB in Japan two weeks ago.
We stop at the Beverly Hotel. You can go there. It is a few minutes away to the top.
Can you keep these bags until four in the afternoon?
Can I use the display in this room?
Show . Take your time please.
Are there eighteen golf courses?
I can't understand anything that people say around me.
The cafe on the ground floor.
Good evening . I have a reservation . My name is Yamada.
The most important thing for you is to get a good break.
I will ask after I look here and there.
Do you have some cigarettes?
Can I ask for the account?
Now, you promised that you will buy only one husband, agree?
Is there a pharmacy near here?
Yes, reserve for six days, please, starting from the twenty -third of July.
Can I get some vitamins?
Can you take me from my place at the seventh?
He leaves every ten minutes.
Let's get a ten -category sheet, one five category and the rest is a small beak.
My laundry has not yet come.
Can you show me other things with different designs.
Yes, there is one on the other side of the building.
Where do I go down?
Can you tell me how to use a currency phone?
Should I pay in advance?
Is there a children's playing shop near here?
What kind of juice do you prefer?
I would like a little foot cream.
It is a direct contact from mind to mind. This means that someone reads what is in another person's mind without using words.
Can I spend a personal check?
I would like orange juice, Corn Flex with milk and honey -sweetened pie.
This is a printed material. There is nothing expensive.
Can I try?
I will return by land.
What material is made of this neck bond?
What is the value of the ticket primary?
Will you return to your country for vacations?
Do you have a larger bag?
Where can I go to see a really great view?
I will send you a copy. Please write your address here.
Where are the effects?
This was already broken when I opened the expulsion.
Well, Mr. Azura, your journey has now been confirmed.
Please give me a ticket.
The twenty -ninth of August.
Where is the skiing elevator?
I suffer from diarrhea. Have you described something for me?
Tenth o'clock for ten minutes.
This garden should not enter at night.
I would like to send it to Japan by air mail.
Thanks and Workers Day, it is the day of thanks to all those who supported society with their actions.
This room is too small .
Can I get more tea, please?
I want to wash my clothes later today.
It is not necessary when it does not exceed the extent of tax exemption, but I advise you to submit a report to rid of an easy customs.
Is there a bank near here?
Is it possible to clean the table please?
Please leave this.
certainly . Wait for me on the line, please. Your party started. Please.
Do you mind touching that?
When does the ride start?
Is this model suitable for me?
Tell me about your schedule for this week?
There is no school tool office here.
What do you mean?
You are wrong.
certainly . The secret of ahead.
Can you keep my bags until four o'clock, please?
I do not have the money to buy a new one.
What is the date of the first train?
Can we get a table outside?
It seems that you were drunk last night.
Yes, sir. How many people are in your party, and what time do you prefer?
I think I will get two less expensive.
Yes . You have been canceled your old card.
Thank you very much for the meal.
Where is the bus station?
Kind, please.
These are all prints.
Please, write the room number at the back.
Stand, thief.
We use sticks when we eat.
Where is the airport bus?
One hundred dollars per night, in addition to the cost of service and taxes.
The flight flight No. Twenty -eight and heading to New Orleans will delay an hour.
When I go back to Japan, I will write a letter. And if you have time, please send me a letter.
I forgot my hotel ticket at the hotel.
What is the speed we fly now?
The lights in my room do not work.
Thank you very much . Let's go . Let's go.
In the pharmacy.
Single room without a shower, please.
Where is the best landing land for beginners?
I would like a back seat.
Is this train heading to Melbourne?
Thank you again because you reminded me. Do many people tend to forget the signature of their names?
What is the size of this tower?
Vincent, did you close the door to yourself? I am Marny.
I still keep makeup, so I washed my face well?
Take three tablets once.
What is your commission rate?
Can I land the car in another branch?
It is unconscious.
Tokyo Hotel. Is there help?
I am here to visit my friend.
Is there a TV device?
This is a salad and mashed fries.
Good . We have no time. Can we complete this discussion on Thursday at one o'clock?
Did you tell me about the fastest way to send it?
Can I take my role in the game training?
Blue bag. There is my name and the title on the bottom. Did you help me find it?
I want to leave at eight. Did you tell me what the amount due to me?
I want to book two seats on the flight eight, seventy and seventy.
Please, shampoo bottle for oily hair.
For about two weeks.
Yes, I am eating high blood pressure medications.
I would like some pajamas.
Where are the treasures used in coins?
Do I bring some desserts for you?
There are many reasons that prevent me from not doing this.
Is this the right path to the station?
Let's see what the cost will be.
I suggest that you try the Green pub.
With me nine hundred dollars.
We have no reservation for you.
Where did my name go?
I will return.
Please, fix this while I am outside tomorrow.
Is this a word?
Can we get a cigarette extinguisher?
Good . I will call you when they are ready.
We have other colors.
Here are a few seats left in the official episode.
We hate rushing, but we must leave.
Where and when do we start?
How can I get the return?
Oh. I understand. These are the channels of the hotel's cable system.
Please stop mocking the Japanese people.
When can you release?
What about lunch?
I would like to book please.
I try to find a winding paper.
Will taxes be exempted if this is sent to Japan from this store?
Sorry, but I want to discuss some things with my manager before I sign.
I would like a registration device and radio please.
I would like to have five machines of the iron.
This is my favorite food, as you know.
Thank you sir. Can I get your driver's license?
You are right.
Limousine will stand at the northern gate first.
Insurance, please.
Where is the Mont Museum?
Is this train not stopping?
Good . It is twenty, forty, sixty, eighty, ninety, ninety -five, six, seven, eight, nine, one hundred.
You should go to the Steam Information Office first.
This is influential.
Did you get to Medina?
When does the hotel restaurant remain available for use by me?
How can I know your bags?
Is this a direct train?
Yes, I loved her very much. Thank you .
Where can I develop this movie?
Oh, listen, do you, do you know where the Riverid Diffraf is located?
Is this the line to display the nine hour?
Do you have any treatment for diarrhea?
Well, somewhat late. I think I should leave now. Thank you very much for the wonderful evening.
Our work begins from eight and a half to eleven.
Our company is the fifth largest company in the world in terms of the number of employees.
It is down there on the left.
May I have some medicine for pain in my stomach?
Will you keep my coordinator?
Sorry, all of them have been rented. Do you want to get additional coverage?
Can you lend the beach towel?
No, we also accept the requests you want.
It is appropriate to determine the date, but it is not necessary to determine the days of the week.
I would like orange juice, please.
Please nominate me a good restaurant.
What are the manifestations of excellence in this city?
I would like to eat grilled chicks.
I no longer have appetite.
Do not interfere with what you do not know.
Can we roam the free markets at the airport?
Sorry, I asked for a wrong number.
For five days. I will restore it on Friday.
It is not very far. We can get there at about ten in the morning.
No thank you . It is very small. Do you have another?
More receipts, please.
Can you sell them separately?
I want a bottle of beer, please.
How much did you pay for a special seat?
It is my mistake. Not your mistake.
Just let me and me.
Is there another group?
This seat is busy.
Should I reaffirm the reservation?
Let me see your ticket. You have to take the next flight in one hour.
Is there anyone who speaks English?
You have to book in advance.
I would like to get something out of my bag.
Yes, we have a reservation in your name. Can you please fill this form and expect it?
I cannot find the guide guide who is supposed to come to us at ten and a half in the morning.
We will keep this as a surprise.
To Japan, please.
Sorry, when does this movie end?
I collided with my car in a hole.
Can you give me some medicine?
This, please.
Can you see the second ring from the left?
Yes, this road, please.
I suffer from a little fatigue due to the different time.
Why did you not attend last night?
The deck likes me.
I would like to order the room service, please.
Which trains head to Wall Street?
What is the entry portal for Japanese Airlines trips to Tokyo?
Show me the black bag, the third to the left in the upper shelf.
You may be fired in the city if you suddenly put your hand in the pocket on the side of your chest.
Do you have any strong alcoholic drinks?
We have seats available on Air Filter Five on Monday, twenty -sixth.
I would like to apply for my passport again.
Very well. It can be accomplished.
Why does this cost this quantity?
Seventy dollars.
Welcome . Is this Mrs. Ono?
Can I drink water from the tap?
I have stomach pain.
I stole my jewelry. I need to file a report.
It is immediately forward, then it was left to the right.
How can I enemy the energy level in this machine?
Can you provide me with a reservation to take a tour?
Is it necessary to announce the contents and their value?
Hi, darling, are you alone? Will you go out to watch a movie or anything?
There is nothing I love. Sorry . I did not support anything.
When will we get to Dean?
Two Hambarger with cheese and one small request of french fried French potatoes, please.
Four five seven eight zero, please.
On the twenty -third of September.
I set at ten o'clock in the evening to meet the president.
Is this water tap to drink?
I would like to have a chip of pork.
Well, I think I will get something different.
Take me to the stage, please.
When is the break?
Sorry. Can I ask you a question?
Just a moment, please. I will connect you to Mr. Jones.
Can you examine these two bags, please?
This hat does not suit me.
There is no plug in the Banio Bank, too.
Welcome . These are United Airlines.
When will the hotel leave?
Do you want me to pay now or later?
May I only take the main meal dish?
Do you want to drink any drink while watching?
Do you have any other tours?
I would like to take a bus to the station. May I get some joke, please?
Do you have any personal proof with your photo?
Do you think there is any hope of this relationship?
Well, first I must go to the Information Center and search for a hotel.
I think you misunderstood what I was trying to explain.
Who is this lady?
Where did Mr. Jones learn the Japanese language?
Can you search for me?
Can you keep my belongings during the period when I take the tour?
Which gate should I go to?
How many cameras with you?
I have a small one of the same design.
May I find a paper or something?
What is the cause of this traffic congestion?
Please change the glass spaces.
Is it possible to tell me once again what guarantees the advertisement, please?
Do you have a menu in English?
Are there any New York New York games this week?
I suffer from the air roundabout, but I feel better.
Street seventy -two and Park Ephenio.
Is this a British cigar?
Can you arrange these pants?
You must install a seven bus.
No one was seriously injured.
I would like to get a flexible bandage.
I think the taxi number was one of two three five.
We will get this.
Friday evening, at nine.
I will send a maid immediately.
But the cost is increasing, right?
In fact, my first grandfather came from Cecison at the beginning of the century.
Is there a mistake in this bill?
Is this the gate to Las Vegas?
I was pleased to see you. How are you ?
This garment suits me elegantly.
I will eat some fruit juice.
What are the qualifications required to get this job?
Can you set it now?
I would like an international phone call to Japan.
Is it possible to make a reservation for the golf course?
I would like to learn the sport of water skiing.
Do you have a bus from the airport?
Can you change this with one with a larger size?
This is my wallet.
I would like to cut my hair, just, please.
Sorry. Where is the pharmacy near here?
I would like to order a quick meal.
Another spoon, please.
When do we get to the last station?
no . Just a residential box on this road.
My son is studying at the graduate school at Harvard University.
Where is the cabinet room?
I would like to get a awakening call, please.
What do you plan for tonight?
Good boiled, please.
I suffer from rheumatism.
Where can I spend an international financial transfer?
She is a little salty, but I love her. Did I bring it with you all the way from Japan?
I have a bit of thorns covering the back of the sea.
It is a red bag with a metal loop.
I would like to send this expulsion.
You're welcome . It's beautiful.
What happened ? I can't see.
Pay it, please, if possible.
May I add it to your bill?
Please fill this certificate and prescription.
Yes, I want to make an international connection to Japan. At the expense of the recipient. The number in Tokyo is three, four seven six two, nine three.
What is the cost of the car?
I bite a bee. It looks really bad.
How much is this key chain?
May I get one?
Have you heard what he said?
Dry, please.
Please contact this person.
Please spend this ten -dollar category paper to five dollar papers and another five -dollar paper.
Is it possible to pay the amount of ten dollars to the provider?
No, not. But it has a shower.
I want you to do X -rays.
Is it appropriate to cross from reception tables?
This is for my personal use.
Neighboring rooms, please.
Can you participate in the costs of promotion in the first year as all our financiers do?
Where is the library store?
Yes . Wake up from sleep after three hours, please.
I suffer from a severe drama and I feel dizzy.
Will you turn it into my room account, please?
Is there a stable near here?
Thank you very much . How can I get to the hotel?
I closed the door while I was outside. What do you suggest to do it?
You are very nice.
I would like to ask, please.
Should I answer yes or not?
Does this mean that I should not pay a cream?
If, Mr. Nita, that's all we have to show you here in our factory.
I suffered from the LTP in the early twenties.
Can I use the heater and hot water all day?
Two tablespoons, please.
I would like to book.
Sorry, but we only have seats next to the corridor on the left side on the front.
And not me too. I was very busy.
I did not make an international call on Friday.
Where is the pharmacy?
Where is the bus station?
What is your phone number?
certainly . The changing room on the right there.
I bet on five dollars.
Please tell me about your address.
Where is the monastery?
I suffer from a chronic offer.
I would like a player device.
Is it possible to get a hot water bottle?
Is it possible to make a look and prepare a glasses for me?
We can prepare it for you within two days.
Is it possible to get a ticket for a seat in the first round?
Thanks . Well, let me see. In fact, it is not what I want.
I want two black and white films, please.
Unfortunately, I haven't got the rest yet.
Give me, Oh, this main day.
Your father was a great person, and we will miss him.
Well, there is no interesting tonight.
I don't want to check this luggage.
Not just what I want.
How much is the additional period that it takes to reach Chicago?
What is the next station?
I would like to take a cup of iced coffee, please.
It is not valuable, but it is important to me.
Full meal, please.
Which of your buses stops on Hop Street?
Well, we have a jazz music for Juventus Saint Laurent.
The car is raising a strange loud.
Give me a whistle.
When does the post office closes its doors?
I paid fifty dollars as a tobera when I recorded my residence procedures at the hotel.
Please call to wake up tomorrow at six in the morning.
Have you taken a medicine for stomach fluctuations?
Do I need to wear a coat and tie?
I am passionate about making a tour of Menatin.
Can I transfer money to my savings account?
I would like to have a seat in a place that is not allowed to smoke, please.
No, you can get it in the drug store.
Have you seen Titanic? Did you love him?
I would like to have a pin for decoration.
A going ticket to Los Angeles. Will you be the seat that you booked in an allowed place or is not allowed to smoke?
This play is also famous in Japan.
Please invoice tonight.
I forgot to take my handbag.
Good evening, Mr. Hosoawa. Welcome to the party. Do you want to drink a drink?
It is not for sale, so do not take care of this.
What are the famous places around this region?
It is very small.
Are you Mr. Ibrahim, is it?
The name is Tanaka, two people, eight o'clock.
Let me see another color.
Which places do I go to it?
I would like to acid this movie, please.
I would like to eat grilled beef and some coffee.
Is there a remaining copy of this magazine?
Where is the largest store in this city?
I would like to reaffirm the flight reservation.
How can I make an international phone call?
Please bring me a teelinol.
She hurts me some time.
Let's speed up shopping.
Can you show me my seat, please?
It seems that the machine does not work.
Japan is a longitudinal country from north to south.
How can you prepare these shirts in a simple time?
I will pay the difference, so please prepare the account.
Let's watch some of what the TV shows.
My watch. It was a digital brand watch for a Swiss -made.
Indeed, I bought it the next day after I had a surprise desire from a store near my home.
I have two hundred dollars and two thousand dollars in tourist checks.
There is a disorder in my stomach.
Although I love Tambura, but I do not eat a lot of sushi. Most people are not used to eating raw fish.
This is my friend Koji.
I passed this test with great success.
I want you to take me to some interesting places. I am a tourist, you know.
The capital is Tokyo.
When do I pay, now or when I register my exit from the hotel?
Can I go to watch the landmarks while holding the ship in the port?
This is good. At this time, the guards change begins. You can see it or listen to the group of guards playing in the front arena.
I would like to play some games.
Do we call on the number of this seat?
Where is the monastery?
I would like to change this.
The meeting was something nice.
Do you have this in a different color?
Fill this form.
Beef or chicken?
Please come to me at seven in the morning tomorrow to take my bags.
What is the value I need from the yen to buy ninety -nine dollars?
It is better to adjust the reflective mirror of the back vision.
You will wait about ten minutes or nearly.
Can I take your dishes?
I have a metal pin.
How long will we have to wait?
It is Yoshi.
It is on Japanese Airlines and its number is seven two and one heading to Narita.
Are you sure? It is good.
Which books do you nominate?
I will be happy with that. When do you want it?
It is a blue bag.
Do you have a bus transport service to the airport?
Where should I clean the camera?
One Miller box.
Where can I get some stamps?
I would like a pen to decorate the eyebrow.
There is a defect in the movie. Can you check it?
I have searched in all parts of the room to find the missing passport.
We have many types there.
Please search for the address of the Japanese embassy.
I have to get some tickets.
Is there a fast train?
I am not sure whether the size of this pocket is appropriate in the middle region.
It is prepared.
Can you do what you can to arrive on time?
Can you take a picture of me?
What is like this?
I would like to go to the sauna.
Seafood.
I think I left my camera and left when I was eating dinner here last night.
We have a tennis court, a swimming pool and a weight room.
Gather them at the gate.
Is this the correct train heading to Boston?
Where do I go to the beach?
Do not leave the line, please.
Women, please. How much is half a day?
This is how we have a good one for you. It is a full holiday tour.
Oh, no. This will not be necessary. I can take care of it. I have already done more than enough.
This is the Ministry of Foreign Trade, right? I am Tanaka from Japan. I have an appointment to meet Mr. Coliman per second.
Is this the right sidewalk of the train heading to Minypolis?
Can you fill this prescription.
thus . And you ?
I think I will take this one.
I just work hard and try to get the best possible grades for me.
Either you fix it or replace it, please.
Oh, yh, this is very delicious. You are a good cook. I wish I knew how to prepare it.
I can do it next month.
Grand Hotel, please.
The bed is not equipped.
No, next.
Please go down at the next forehead.
Please tell.
How is this new product compared to the existing products?
What do you mean ?
This price includes lunch?
Learn English conversation once a week.
Direct call to Japan, please.
Sales employees in this store are very kind.
Where is the missing division and things that were found?
Is it suitable for sensitive skin?
When can I retrieve it?
What time will it be appropriate?
Would you keep this for me?
I want coffee with cream, please.
I will not realize my train.
Before you go, I will take a picture for you.
Do you have enough money to stay here for a month?
I would like a cassette tape.
Just a minute, please.
Two cartoon boxes Miled Seven, please.
May I have a airflower?
About eight o'clock.
Do you have your claim cards?
Darn and I thought this line would be faster.
I would like to rent a week for a week.
I will pay a credit card.
I must find a partial job in order to pay for my perceptions.
It is fun.
I had a sunstroke.
Do not replace the shape, justify it, please.
It will cost you fifty dollars.
Yes, at first, wash it on a separate.
I have some clothes for washing. Will you be ready tomorrow morning?
JAL trip five zero three on the fifth of May, booked in Tokyo.
Please show me how to use this machine.
Where does it come back?
Please show me some men's hours.
May I open the window?
Karatiya, a manual fighting method consisting mainly of sharp punches and courses, is also one of Japan's war arts.
May I change the size?
When will it be converted into a bank?
Do you have favorite options in the seats?
These cameras are for my personal use.
How many people do you have?
The best way is to live in a foreign country.
It is fourteen.
Yes, we can do this.
I want to make a three -night reservation tonight.
Symptoms such as abdominal pain, diarrhea, fever, headache, sore throat, rash, and vomiting that may occur within two weeks before your return.
How much does the word for the word to Japan?
I think the suggestions are good, provided that we find the right people.
Well, my impression is about mountainous land, crowded, connected to movement, full of noise, active, and almost explosive. And about people who work hard, diligent, do not calm down, curious, want to learn everything, eat and drink voraciously, but with a good taste, they earn and spend excessively.
Her arm is broken.
In Japan, decision -making appears to be more slow in our country.
How much is the limousine to go to the city center?
Would you look at you there?
Since this morning.
It is better to hurry. They are already riding.
I was starting at a speed of forty -five in the speed area with twenty -five miles per hour. You may go to imprisonment for ninety days.
How long will it take to heal?
What is the name of this public square?
I am traveling alone. Did you nominate me a local guide?
Bring me another fork, please.
Would you ask for a taxi?
Two going and back tickets for Washington DC, please.
Do you have any daily rates?
Would you tell me about the working hours in the post office?
How long will the local train take until Boston reaches?
It is well suited.
You pay me.
Where is fourteen?
I asked for chicken.
For ten days.
Do you have some socks?
How old is this boy?
How much is the whole cost?
Twenty dollars, please.
I want the same, please.
Take care of yourself well until you return to the homeland.
By the way, can I spend this check as well?
Do you want to go to the Besspool match?
So I want to replace it?
Can I have a statement of transmission coverage?
I will take a slice.
Where is your hair separated?
I wanted it.
Tell me what luggage looks, please?
I want to return this.
How much is the cost of going to Paris?
It is not intended.
If you just wait for a moment, I will answer any question you have.
Why does the bus not come?
How many times should I take this medicine?
Please choose a good blouse for me.
I want to call Tokyo, please.
Take your valuable property with you, please.
Where is the situation?
I have no time. Faster, please.
This price cannot be approved.
The weather is cold . Can you do something?
I want some crow.
Do you have a free brochure in Japanese?
The legislative branch is Diet.
My name is Taru Yamamo.
I lost my tourist checks.
Please give me a cold.
Sorry, is there any pedestrian crossing near here?
Please put it in suppression.
You are in the middle of the West Street.
Continue in the straight direction, please.
I would like a shampoo and shave.
Do you take pictures forbidden here?
Where is the information booth?
Can I make a date tomorrow in the afternoon?
I would like a patch.
The place was in this store.
Can I stop?
Can you remove the stain from these clothes?
Continue the straight direction until the end of this road, please.
I would like an English novel that is easy to read.
No, I am just a simple mosque. I do some trade, though.
Patient, wet towel, please.
Do you want to have lunch with us?
I am from Sweden.
Do you have more than five thousand dollars in cash tools?
I always see him every morning on the train.
Is there a good fabric store for children?
Can you have dinner with us this evening?
I want to convert a banknote to small -value currencies.
Would you arrange your sleeping bed.
Make it as it is, please.
I need to see a pediatrician.
Flags in the form of fish raised and samurai dolls offered to us this day.
We have gained a lot, so let's go back in official dress.
The contents are worth about two hundred dollars.
There, please.
Please call the missing department.
Thirty -five dollars and ninety -five cents per day, in addition to nine cents for a mile after the first hundred miles.
I will stay at the B. A to tomorrow. I am pleased if I told him that I am here.
The foot brake does not work.
I would like a read lamp.
I want to cut hair, please.
I would like to leave early tomorrow morning. Can I pay my bill now?
The gas should be closed. Wait a minute.
What do you have from appetizers?
Your seat number is printed on the fast train ticket.
Will you leave the trip on time?
Do you have local dishes?
May I ask you to take me even the bus position?
For three senior.
The flight was postponed for forty -five minutes.
My name is Shino Yamada.
Two boxes of symbolic money, please.
I hope it comes again.
No, I don't, I feel nauseous and I can't keep anything in my stomach.
Can you stop my personal checks?
Tofu food is said to have arisen in China about two thousand years ago.
Can I have a prescription?
I would like to watch a basketball match. Are there any tickets available?
What is the specialization of this restaurant?
He stole my passport with five thousand dollars in cash.
I was told to come here to get the incident report.
I was affected by influenza.
Can I keep your menu as a souvenir?
How do I reach the station?
Mr. Jones now. It is scheduled to return shortly after three.
We have excellent white wine.
Will you send it to me at the beginning of next month?
Fine, thank you, and you?
The weather is very cold tonight.
Where are you going?
Do you like to have dinner?
Funded meat, please.
I want to undergo a medical examination.
This is a gift for my friends.
What will you take from candy?
Let me know the cost later.
I spent about six years there.
Complete normal, please.
If we can serve you, please do not hesitate to call us.
May I take your size?
It is a cotton.
Please take this luggage to the bus position.
There is little, but what do you want to eat?
Only a cold medicine.
Will you call for my friend Miss Yuko Oda?
This is a diamond weighing one carat, right?
His name is Mr. Harada. Thank you very much .
Can you download my lobby tomorrow morning?
Oh, it seems that I lose something all the time I travel.
Do you have the Ounjo store near here?
Where is the fortress?
Happy to see you, too.
I am going to Florida.
It lost the use of the right arm.
Halo, is this back to Roy?
Then, you will come to a shopping street. If you take the street, you will arrive at the station.
I think we have finished our work today, gentlemen.
A secret in the straight direction in this street. Over three residential squares and will come to the garden. The museum in the garden.
I need aspirin.
Where can I buy stamps?
Can I have two first -class tickets for New York, please?
How do I ask?
How many hours will it take to go there?
O officer.
Japanese food includes raw thickness, sushi, timbura, etc.
I feel lazy.
Maybe so.
No, not here. There is a smoking room near the back of this bus.
When does he leave?
Did your temperature be measured?
May I have a tourist guide?
Is there anything valuable or breaking in your bag?
Be there by nine, please.
Can I replace this neck shoe with a smaller one?
Please let it.
I don't like this.
When is the next flight?
Do you have grapefruit juice?
This road, he turned to the left.
Please pass a ball to me.
May I take a picture of my video camera?
This is a good idea.
Do you want to arrange it?
This is somewhat late in the evening.
My name is Yamamato.
The toilet is not washed. Please send someone up.
How much is the area of ​​the factory, with metric measurements?
I'm sorry . But I don't know where my seat.
I want to return the money.
Yes, sir. How do you want me to cut it?
I am looking for something with the Brada metal brand.
I think there is an error in the bill.
Can you show me something on my size?
I am in the wrong bus.
Oil and vinegar only will be good.
May I see your passport, please?
I understood exactly what you wanted. May I suggest that?
I will take this and this, please.
Eikibana is the art of arranging flowers. There are more than three thousand Eikibana schools in Japan.
My neck hurts me.
I want two omelette, please.
Just polish the ends, please.
Can I have a party information magazine?
Give me fifty gallons, please.
I suffer from anemia.
Please tell her to call me.
I just bought this.
How do you eat these large crab claws?
Does this bus go to Carmel?
Two eggs, boiled.
Sugar coffee.
Will you take out or eat inside?
When is the closure time?
I want to reaffirm my reservation.
The thirty -second of November is the Day of Labor thanks.
Is it difficult to understand?
It is seventeen A. Oh, I'm sorry. I made a mistake.
May I buy it from taxes?
Have you ever heard about a golden week in Japan?
I want to wait for another few hours after leaving.
Thank you . Please return again.
We have oranges, apples, grapefruit and tomato juice.
I would like to retrieve money.
Are your joints hurt?
Is it fully reserved?
A confirmation number is five six seven QLR.
Why is it very hot?
Take this prescription for the pharmacy.
Work with a tourism company?
The party I want to call is Mrs. Yuko Nishhara.
Can I leave it anywhere in the country?
Is there a ski yard near here?
I have to return five minutes before. Can I go to the executive "Mall"?
You did not stop your counter.
Please cancel it in front of me.
Can you register my name on the waiting menu?
What number I ask here?
I am here to see the landmarks.
Can you eat the camera after I enter, please?
You can walk. You only need to follow the signals.
Do you have tonight?
Where are the auto rental offices?
No, I was in a hurry. What do I do ?
Is this the bus?
How can I go to Disneyland?
Do you think that?
I think I will allocate the last five minutes to answer any questions.
Sorry. Where is the main restaurant?
Can you recommend a good Italian restaurant?
I want to call Japan.
Last night, I seemed to be.
Just pay.
Here is a brochure with many trips to watch the landmarks on the bus. They include a full day, one day, one day, morning and night.
Is it possible to complete this dance at any time? I am sorry.
Where can I take a bus to the city center?
I want an elegant coruming, please?
Do you remain coffee?
Can I help you find something?
Good . After about two other buildings, I think.
If we divide seventy -two over nine, the result is eight.
I want a generous for regular skin.
I heard that the Japanese are striving.
What do you think if we listened to jazz?
Tourists, here?
My seat number is twelve. Where is it?
What is this please?
What pattern in your imagination?
How much do you want to open the account?
What is the meaning of this traffic sign?
Can you tell me how to fulfill this form?
Okay . We will arrive at the eighth according to the local time.
Let me think about that and will call you again?
I will appreciate travel costs.
Can I get a health insurance receipt?
If you find something, please call me.
Can I leave the car in any of your branches?
Is it necessary to provide a package of the value of the bus ticket exactly?
Do you live here?
Hurry, and you will join them.
May I have something of pork and eggs?
I have a fever.
It is the fifth and thirty -two.
And now I find me without work that occupies me for a few days.
Smalf syrup as a vituer, please.
From the speaker tonight?
No, we have no. We only have to speak English.
Hot water is not hot enough.
Does this work automatically?
Is this closed?
Go, please.
First or second degree?
You have to arrive there before the sixth.
I like your dance.
Is diving near here safe?
We will go out to shop immediately.
Can you contact him tomorrow morning as you promised?
Welcome . We are pleased that you understand.
Can you clarify how to do this?
How much is a gallon of excellent gasoline?
Does the ticket cutter announce the stations?
What do you think if we met here at four o'clock?
Please register your contact address here.
certainly . Let me think. Can I eat Spanish wine at first?
Who did this?
Sorry. Can you tell me, is there an Italian restaurant near here?
I will prepare it for you before the fourth half.
Can I use a light signal?
Thanks . Go back to my room at the same time. The pictures will be ready. Before that.
How many stations to the Art Museum?
Sorry, now you can only ask from the night menu.
Do you want to ask for you?
Does the fast train stop in San Dego?
There is scratching here.
Where does this apple come from?
How did you find this restaurant?
I want to reach the city office.
Can you wrap the gift, please?
With bullets or without bullets?
Is this a half daily trip?
Saturday and Sunday vacation.
Please remind me when I arrived at Victoria.
I want a date for you in the afternoon.
So, what are your plans for early?
The reception office, I am Nakamura. I entered the hotel from immediate. But this room does not like me.
How long does it take?
Do you have anything for colds?
My name is Razia Kobayshi, and the number is two zero two two two zero two zero zero.
A table overlooking a good view in the ocean, please.
Please give me some places to contact them if exposed to problems.
Yes, I have received a treatment for sugar in Japan.
We would like to sit side by side.
May I have in Coca -Cola Diet?
What kind of rooms do you want?
I want to ride it.
I feel a headache.
You can take it at the departure gate.
This is the room twelve zero seven.
I would like another room.
It was in two credit cards. And securities.
My mistake.
You will have to submit an insurance request to the Insurance Office in Japan.
Can you switch this?
How good is this visa?
I am afraid that we will not have anything vacant.
How long does it take in normal mail?
Is this gold?
I never seek to guess the age of any Japanese person from you.
Is there a hospital close to here?
Is it possible that you can draw a map for me?
That store was cheaper than others.
I am Brown.
I would like a gas.
Can I call my room directly?
Can you put it in a box?
Your passport is no longer in effect.
This is very bad. I will call the Japanese embassy and ask them what you should make.
Make sure your seat belts are well tied.
Where is the restroom ?
I want to rent a ten -speed bike.
Do you have a more dark color?
I don't think so.
Does it matter if I were a beginner?
I am with my family. So I can't give you my room number.
I do not find the price card.
I would like to wake up in the morning.
Where can I book in hotels?
Do I have to reaffirm my reservation?
It is, sir. We will send someone to fix it immediately. Please wait for a while.
It is forty -six. Every province is headed by a governor, and each has its own council.
Do you have a broader size?
Yes, we will wander in the area and sell products after an hour or so.
It was twenty minutes ago.
Can you spell that for me?
What are the most interesting films?
In these brown paper bags.
I hope to see you again.
This is because it is made of silk.
I want a smaller size with one tiger, this is very large for me.
Have you eaten this before?
I am hungry.
Can I measure nine size.
You can give it a temporary treatment. O doctor?
I want a safe hotel offering a good breakfast, please?
I complain of a fever.
I am sorry, I have no joke. Can you give me ninety dollars?
Welcome, we are neighbors.
Where is the zoo?
Is there a bus from the airport to the city center?
I can't run the toilet.
Members of the Council remain in their centers for six years, while half of the members enter the elections every three years.
I don't want anything else, please.
Do you have greater sizes?
Restricia in my account now, please?
The defender, who entered Japan at that time, played an important role in winning the battles.
Do you have greater sizes?
This means that you also lost your visa. You have to request a re -release from the Passports and Immigration Authority.
I suffer from poor vision.
Is there a haircut?
Sorry. Please tell me how to reach the Shingoko station.
Please send my mail here.
Please tell the head of chefs that this variety is very delicious.
Thirty dollars and eighty cents.
It depends on the temperature of the place. But in the center of Japan, in early April.
TV has a malfunction.
I would like a going and return ticket to Oxford at nine o'clock of the fifth day.
I can't do that.
What is the inclination of the car?
I am Sato. A car hired this morning.
I would like a burger sandwich with cheese and fries.
correct . Thanks . By the way, is it necessary to wear the uniform?
Is it possible to give me the name of a doctor and his phone number?
Is there a medication for the vehicle's rotor?
I would like a number of pants.
The last train has exaggerated.
Can you wait here?
Is there a means of transportation to Perth?
Yes . Can we see the candy menu?
Is there a show of sound and light?
Yes, he. So registered here, Mr. Yamada?
In the middle, please. Are two adjacent seats?
Yes . Any service?
Can you make a discount in case of two nights?
I do not have a small fuck.
I want to take a shower.
When will it be completed?
In case of cancellation, please call in advance.
There is a camera inside. Please keep it in a safe place.
Where is the gasoline station?
Did you take the bus ticket?
Does this train stop in Baltimore?
Can you bring me something of water please?
both . Thanks . It will be dark most of the trip, however.
I just look. Thanks .
Sorry, but I don't think this number is true.
Does this include drinks?
How left of the minutes for the train until it reaches?
From which gate will this trip leave?
The name of the hotel where you will stay tonight, sir.
Do I have to book a seat on the boat in the river?
Credit card, please.
I was on the eight eight eight eight.
One person will come later.
Can you repeat what I said?
Is the theater close?
There are six people in our group. We want to sit at the same table, please.
It is that way.
It is around my room with an adult noise.
On the eastern coast, you also find famous places. Like New York, Washington, De and Boston.
Thanks for your invitation to stay for dinner.
Sorry, do you have the appointment?
Orange juice, beer, wine, whiskey and cocktail.
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
This apparently, apparently.
Stand in the queue. I will go and bring us a suppression of ice cream.
Which bus is heading to the Grand Hotel?
I want to book for the night tomorrow.
The doctor gave me a prescription.
Okay . What is the type of power mix.
How do you want it?
Do you mind leaving my bags with you until one o'clock?
Is there a trip in the city?
Do you accept tourist checks?
This is the kindness of you, but I am afraid that I have some work to be completed before tomorrow morning.
I started missing the rice and the Missu soup.
no . Thanks . Can we get two cups of water, please?
Okay . I fear that I have to do so. How much security in this region?
I am unable to talk in English somewhat.
Can I get some water, please?
On what floor is it?
The best tea.
If you had you, you wouldn't have to pay the fare again. When you take the bus number forty -four.
Can you give me salt?
Do you have a handy of that watch?
The time now is one.
I would like two Wednesday's tickets, please.
How much sales tax?
Please order the number eight.
I understand that. I try to rent a Citroen.
Take a four -hour trip to New York, then take the last flight to Washington from New York.
It is a brown leather handbag.
One. You, please.
It is on the second floor.
I have innate talent.
When did you lose it?
I want an amplifier?
please . Feel this.
naturally . You will be ready before Tuesday.
Do you eat alcohol in a cup?
I feel very tired. Please call a doctor .
Did you get any faxes?
Which floor?
This is amazing . Where is the bread?
Is it possible to pay with a tourist check?
Corner of smokers, please. And your window next to the window, please.
We exchange gifts with our close friends on New Year's Day.
Here is a prescription from Dr. Thompson.
How much do you receive the detail?
Where is the bus station to Chicago?
Can you bring me some pepper, please?
I am without work.
Yes . It is on the third floor.
There is a walking trip to the famous places.
Please take me to the nearest hospital.
It is very beautiful.
I want to buy five. Even in this case, can't you reduce the price?
Please give me a seat next to the window at the back.
Which is faster: a taxi or ambulance?
Can I bring anything for you, adhesive or anything like that?
Where are the beautiful places that I can visit?
I can't interrupt my opinion. I will come back later .
Can you make sure of the tires?
Sorry . What path leads to bags that have left behind?
I want to go to a restaurant.
Show me that. please .
I will be grateful if I consider the contract renewal.
Where are the things that were lost and then found?
On what height we are now?
Do you have other colors for this t -shirt?
I would like a heavy coat for dinner.
You should not watch the TV all the time.
I am a fan of American dishes.
Can I ask one last question?
Yes, we are about to treat it, about to treat it.
It is best for you to enter our hospital.
Can I get a hamburger.
Where can I find a supermarket?
We would like to come and spend a few days with us this spring.
Is this portal for the trip to Tokyo?
It is somewhat expensive. Can't you give a opponent?
How many times should you eat a day?
Lemon tea, please.
This year hurts me at the top of the mouth.
How many stations before the conversion?
On what trip did you arrive?
Sorry to bother you, but can you please take a picture of us with this camera?
He broke my arms.
Does passengers ride now?
Take the green train from the sidewalk number six.
That man stole a purity bag.
Indigestion pills are different from stomach pain, right?
Please tell me what is the restaurant preferred by the locals?
I want to see the port.
The camera fell from me. Can you check it, please?
Sorry . I poured alcohol on the floor.
That sounds good .
How long does it take on foot?
Very sorry that he has gone out. Do you have an appointment?
The JEL trip to Tokyo on May 3.
Please tell them that I have acted properly.
I will take twenty bear game of the largest size.
What is the cashier number?
It is going. I will only look at the phone guide.
Do you have larger rooms?
Can you enter medical lenses in these solar lenses?
By the way, will I have to use a neck bond?
I want to turn it into the same trip. But on the fourth of March.
So, can you! Take it to the table there?
Is there a bus to the city center?
Please reply to the morning.
Give me the stomach, please.
This field is nothing but my personal belongings.
Sorry. Can I pass, please?
I want to go on the bathroom, but I have many bags, I will have to wait.
He was very length and slow.
We take care of the nails and extend them.
Is it expected that the train will reach its date?
The adjacent room has noise.
It is neither good nor bad.
Can I borrow a public key, please.
My presence with you is happy with me.
Take me to the police.
The CDs are much cheaper in this store.
I want my skin smooth.
The other side is on the line. Come on, please.
When do I take this?
Can I pay a tourist check?
I can't find my friend. Can you summon it?
Whiskey without water, please.
How much is the account bill?
I would like to stay in this room for another night.
Of course, in this case, the airline will provide compensation.
This is a dry pen.
These are Japanese bakeries.
How much will we have to wait in the way?
I am fine. I feel that I am in good condition.
We are fully agreed.
You have another station at Chicago.
Sorry. But I want to deliver the theft report.
both . But you can this from the outside or in the hallway.
I deposited a deposit.
I would like a urine sample.
Kasher is very much.
I am waiting.
Well, it depends on the means of transportation you take. Will you go with a bus or the plane?
I do not have a reservation, but can I dive this age?
Do you mind sitting here?
Play tennis twice a week.
Can I only send any one mile of dollars.
Where is the nearest metro station from this hotel?
Please write at the top of the mail kettle "bags without facilities".
Yes, please send him to the room twelve thirty -four.
Will you rain tomorrow?
That is kind of you .
Where can I find earrings?
It's great. It cannot be trivial. On the contrary.
Can I borrow a key to the bathroom?
When you come back, please ask him to ask Mr. Okada by phone.
I want a good boat with grilled potatoes.
Fifteen E. Do you see me sitting in a non -place?
When will you return?
I want Bouvitic.
This is correct . We also have famous historical sites in the city and the neighboring area.
truly . This is the second time for us since we came here to spend the honeymoon.
Fill in this registration form, please.
I have no hobbies. Only diligence at work is like most Japanese.
Okay . Despite my feeling, as if I came here many times through movies and television programs.
Any pass?
I would like to go back and return to Oxford.
To the final station, Rome, please.
When should reach the airport?
This speed is slow.
Professor Corne loves to throw sudden puzzles.
Where can I print the movie?
Is it like this? So, what will happen?
My travel bag is wrapped.
Did you encounter something you did not expect about Japan?
When you see one of them, you only have to wave your hand.
I want to leave one day before my appointment.
I feel very thirsty. I want a huge cup, please.
It is a highly large supermarket located outside a large city. It has spacious awaiting cars.
It looks fragile.
Can you include that gate in the picture?
No, please do not do so
Does that include breakfast?
Double letters, please.
Are there many taxis?
I would like a good seat.
Sorry the bathroom has a malfunction. I need help.
Yes, it is open to the public?
It has no difficulty or ambiguity.
The first floor seats, please.
I am divorced.
I will go to your seat. From here, please.
Excuse me, can I ask you with a question?
Does this road lead to the hotel?
Sorry, but this is short.
Apparently I suffer from heart palpitations.
I will go from Calend to Dover with infectious.
I would like a new ticket.
I want a vehicle and my glass beer, please.
I think so.
I need it as soon as possible.
Yes, we have to choose AIDS.
A gift for my mother.
I did not know that security inspection was this rigor.
Where do I go to go to China Town?
Hello . Happy opportunity.
Fried.
I work in a bank.
Sorry. Can you suggest a good restaurant?
How much ounces can be exempted from taxes when I go to Japan?
I would like a game for a boy.
I would like to send this postcard to Japan by fast mail.
I want to send this speech by air mail.
We have a double room of fifty dollars per night.
Sorry, we don't allow to wear jeans and scrubs.
I want to register, please. My name is Haruko Ogawa. I think I have a reservation.
I want to check these bags for Tokyo, please.
Is this the right bus, those that are now approaching?
Can you show me a little larger?
Do you attend any gifts to anyone in this country?
Please eat the easiest food as possible.
Please tell me the tax exemption.
It's a great place, right?
I think that the clothes made in Japan have definitely detailed.
Do you have a table of trains?
Please help me find a boy wearing a red hat.
Sorry, I want to send this to Japan. How much is the postage price on this?
It has become across America with a car rental service.
It is also, the room two zero three. Here is the key.
The film begins at ten thirty in the evening. It ends at one in the morning.
It is better for you to stop it.
Take that, please.
Currency, please.
Can I get a wake up at seven in the morning?
I would like a cheap camera.
Can you record the address and phone number for me, please?
The Japanese resent the abuse of guests, or their treatment is misfortune.
Does it have a heating device?
Can I get postcards?
When is the office contracts signed?
At this hour, sir? It is eleven in the morning.
From which airports will I leave?
Did you not receive the form by the plane?
What line this?
I would like an iron.
Is everyone fine?
Place a handkerchief on top of your mouth.
Water -free.
How much do I pay for the three?
I would like an engagement ring.
Not so much.
Here's the soil, sir.
both . I am Japanese.
It is also. Your seats will be here.
He reached thirty -eight dollars in total.
Thank you for doing your unique thoughts with us.
I am twice a month during the season.
The IDO period, which was not permeated by wars in the country, lasted two hundred and fifty years.
She was born on April 1, one thousand nine hundred and fifty -five.
Take this three times a day after meals for three days.
Can you develop this movie?
I need to borrow your computer, please.
Will you come to have a drink in our house on Sunday afternoon?
I will take it.
Can I hire Rakit's rackets?
This has scratching here, so can you give me others?
May I have a needle and a thread?
Just two tickets to Boston, please.
I went to your exhibition three times last year in Japan.
Can I eat chicken for dinner?
I would like to give you a Kyoto doll.
How can I go there on the metro?
Please tell me how to order this number.
Is this the right path?
I want to report valuable documents.
It is the last edition of the twentieth great painters in Europe, and includes about two hundred forms of art masterpieces.
Where can I get a trip ticket at a reasonable price?
When will you raise the curtain?
Help yourself . Delivery inside the bag.
Where is the "accessories" table?
I will take Martini.
Is this phone a malfunction?
Which train should I take to go to Auckland?
I lost a wallet inside this multi -section store.
Can I drink something before the meal, please?
Three steps of meat, large karsand, and ten types of ice cream.
What is the best way to wear this?
They say it is below zero.
I would like to wake up at six, please.
Is this the bus that arrives in the city center?
Okay . It is very young for one to meet with different people.
I realize this. There is an additional one percent.
How much is this fragrance?
What is its purpose?
Some will meet to drink some drinks. Do you want to come?
The washing did not dry completely.
Do you have a pen?
You should try the food served in this place?
Where can I perform official procedures?
The Japanese are clear, although they are rich.
I would like to know something about that trip.
This color is desirable these days.
Can I put my bags in the car box?
I realize this. Do you think I will be able to get it?
I have been sick since last night.
Please bring me a piece of soap
I am withdrawn.
Your speed was forty -five miles per hour in an area where the speed should not exceed thirty miles per hour.
Thank you. I wish you a happy day.
Fifty pounds.
I suffer from pain in my stomach.
Is that the tax?
This is the first time.
I will take a slice of this.
I am looking for a tight yogurt jacket.
Prefer beer.
I want to add to my account fifty dollars and twenty thousand Japanese yen.
I think there is an error in this "joke".
What is the bladder?
When does the evening offer end?
Family name, Yama Joshi. J m c c and u.
I want to open the window.
There is really abundant rain. I hope to describe the atmosphere.
Please call an ambulance .
I will bet three dollars on this.
All of them are in good health, thank you.
Except for breakfast and dinner?
how's it going ?
I think it is somewhat narrow.
I sell mail stamps?
I want this drawing on my thumb.
I want to borrow some opera glasses.
Give me trends, please.
How many hours does it take?
Do you have an example to fulfill this form?
Can you tell me where we will go on this tour?
Continue this road, and turn left at the second sign.
I will take it if you give me a discount of ten percent.
I got a room, but it was not prepared yet.
I don't want this room. Do you have a better room than it?
What flight gate heading to Chicago?
There is no food that I do not like to eat.
Is it possible to adjust it?
I want to book a seat on a trip to Seattle.
I would like a table that can be joined and folded.
What is the price of half of the residence?
At least twenty dollars.
I may return to my stairs or try a bus journey across the country, if not expensive.
Constitution Day or "Kimbo Kenneby" is a national holiday on May 3 to celebrate the current Japanese constitution.
Sorry . Please, don't worry about this aspect.
Pascite's work is simply, but its authorship is a high culture.
But, he will become comfortable after he has been died.
Does this trip include a visit to the Cers Tower?
Can you show me how to do this game?
I would be grateful if I booked a table next to the window.
We will arrive at ten. Shortly before the appointment.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Do you have any popular music tape?
My phone number is one of the three five five seven.
I feel the roundabout of the sea. Can you call a doctor?
Do you want a room where smoking is allowed or not?
Is there a place close to selling books?
I think that man should have stopped.
You seem to have influenza.
I will attend the summer school at Hawaii University.
What is this place that we are going through now?
I need some ligaments for shoes.
I am passionate about history, so I want to visit historical sites.
So I would like to book for seven people.
Sorry, but we have only beer or whiskey.
It is outside the office now. Can I take a message?
Two senior old and three years old.
Please spend tourist checks.
Do you have a small "beak"?
Because in America, it is easy to join the college but it is difficult to graduate.
How can I open this light?
Can you move a little on the right?
What are the indicative points on the road?
Yes, I am going to Los Angeles.
In the station waiting room.
Leave it long.
The car's gasoline has run out.
Can I book any two seats for tonight?
Do you have a table for four people?
