It's in the back of the hall. I'll get you some of it now. If you want anything else, just let me know.
Are you making any adjustments?
We want a table by the window.
Right there, right in front of the tourist data.
I've never heard of this address near here.
Keep walking this way until you find a pharmacy.
What's the newest color this season?
In my case, it's mostly for work and rarely for fun.
I'll stay for two days.
I want a close coronation of my hair.
I want to reserve two double rooms.
I don't want to take it off.
Does this bus stop on Astonor Street?
Please open your mouth wide.
How much is breakfast?
How can I help you?
Let's get a piece to eat.
Turn left at the third exit.
Can you clean these clothes?
I'll give you his phone number and address.
I paid for the meals and the hotel fees in advance.
I'm looking for a good restaurant, for brownies. Can you point those places to on the map?
You're breaking it. You're the one who bought it.
I'll tell her to call you as soon as she gets here.
Do you like to put cream and sugar in your coffee?
I'm seriously injured.
I want a scarf.
Does this hotel have conference facilities?
Is it appropriate to have a snack?
I'm calling from the airport. I'll be there at about four.
Where I'm going to change to Chicago.
How much does it cost to send a registered letter to France?
Can you cash my two hundred-dollar check?
Driving on the right side of the road is actually quite different.
The actor was already great.
What's the unimaginable side of your character?
If that happens, please call me.
Can you change my seat, please?
Is there a guarantee?
Excuse me, I'll take care of the dog.
I want two cat tickets for Thursday.
Where's the coffee shop?
I want a jacket for the kids.
Your name again?
Is Mr. Brown there?
Well, it costs eighty-five dollars for regular mail and three dollars for private delivery.
Can I rent a boat for a day?
At what window can I make the reservation?
What is that?
Can you tell me how I can get to the opera?
You weren't a little too drunk last night, honey?
Please follow the instructions from our staff.
Is there a department store near here?
Fill the tank, please.
Is there a cheaper room?
I prefer a car with a traffic jam system.
I'm staying at the Harvard student residence.
What's the exchange rate today?
I have chronic asthma.
I got about three thousand dollars.
Okay, sir. I have two French fries or rice with spices and meat. Which do you like?
How do I get there?
What kind of stories are they?
Three times.
Which window sells stamps?
After he attacked me, he ran off in a white truck.
Okay. Please keep this coupon and fill it out when you make the choice.
I'd buy that if I were you.
Two hundred dollars. Immediate or credit card.
How long does it take a ship to cross this ocean?
Do I have to avoid certain foods while I'm taking this medicine?
Do you have my shoes at your toes?
Will I have any trouble with customs?
Can I have some red wine?
Tell me when we get to the museum.
Does this bus go to the Sheraton Hotel?
What's that got to do with it?
It's a little hot. Can I open the window?
Just a shower is enough.
My eyes are a little red.
No, can I suggest a room with two beds for single use?
I can't say for sure, but we're gonna do our best.
I want a close coronation for my hair, please.
The sea was down from far away.
She wants a beer.
You need an operation.
More eggs, please.
Where's the bus stop for Central Park?
A cab?
Here's your key, sir. Room six and fifty-two.
I love your jacket.
Keep going.
Here we are. This is your hotel.
When did the basketball game start?
Good morning. How are you?
Sorry I need to look at any ID.
What was your impression?
Sure. Would you like coffee with dinner or after?
I'm taking flight twelve to Tokyo.
I'd like to make an international call, please.
Five months.
What days of the week are they?
What kind of clothes?
It's kind of cold. Can you heat it up?
I want some hair-dressing gel.
Sorry, this place is already booked.
Can we look at the list?
My size is six.
I'm serious, but would you mind calling a friend?
Thank you. That's enough.
No cabs will stop unless you wait in the parking lot?
My budget is not more than fifty dollars a night.
Shall we take a picture together?
How much is this service?
Did total sales in North America rise by more than five percent?
Who's your best friend?
Did you know that one of the biggest sumo wrestling events, a traditional Japanese wrestling event, is an American championship?
Sports Health Day is on October 10th and is a national holiday aimed at improving the health of citizens.
Is this for Wall Street?
I'd like to rent this one from December 5th through 10th.
How are you, ma'am?
You want me to check the engine?
Sugar?
Can I pay by Mastercard?
Is this the place to collect luggage for flight NWN nine-zero seven?
I'll take this one.
I'm so glad I could come to this country.
My name and address are on it.
Can you help me get to my bag?
What kind of stones are these?
I would point out that our government is very strict with what they call boat people. I have realized that Japan already has a population increase that does not allow these uninvited guests to be hosted. But on the other hand, many of our industries need a working hand.
From this mountain, you can see the whole city. During this season, many kinds of flowers bloom. They look so beautiful.
Follow me.
Please tell him you're Yama.
Will you make the arrangements in advance?
Okay, please put this data here. Was it one bag?
Would you like beef, chicken, or fish?
Can you take different ways to go and back?
Is there a snack bar here?
Excuse me, sir. I'd like to explore some of the sights in Boston.
Do you have a list in Japanese?
It's one and five minutes.
Give me a hand, thank you.
I want a pain reliever.
Who's your favorite actress?
I want one of those eggshells?
What kind of music do they play there?
I don't like this color. Please show me another color.
Please take me to the morning market.
My glass frame is broken.
From 3: 00.
Great. I have a seat by the window. Uh, if you want to swap seats later, miss.
I enjoyed the tour of New York yesterday.
I like the blue bag in the showcase.
Call the building owner if you have any problems.
Wash it with shampoo and straighten it out, please.
When you get there, ask someone else, please.
Please tell me the quickest way to San Francisco.
Can I have the key to room two fifteen?
Excuse me, can you take pictures of me?
Just type in the room number and sign here.
Color acceptable, but size incorrect. Can you change it in an hour?
We'll be waiting for you that day.
We have enough to last two days.
I can't understand that.
How can I get back to my destination?
Is this tax-exempt?
Well, they're gonna have to play extra roles until the tie is over.
I want the extension twenty-four, please.
Can you spell it?
Here's two bucks. Keep the rest.
When's lunch?
Sorry, that's too much for me?
Where do I start to get to Yenyon Square?
You can ask the rental office there.
Hey, Jane, can you take all the stuff to the cleaners?
I'm on vacation.
No, I plan on visiting Paris on my way home.
Are you taking her with you or should we send her?
There's been a recent outbreak among food experts, hasn't there?
It happened about six hours ago.
Delta Airlines flight one one two.
Can you give me two for the night?
Can you write me a report about my insurance company being stolen, please?
Since I'm not very good with the camera, I think a camera that's easy to use might be the best one for me.
Is this the right dock for New York?
Enjoy your vacation.
Please give me some screen.
I want fries with sour cream, please.
Yeah, every ten minutes.
One hamburger and one cheeseburger, please.
How much do you charge to edit the film?
We both want to be billed for our meal.
I'll pay the bill tomorrow morning.
I'm going there, too. How about we take a cab together?
Would you like a chair and relax? Can I get you something to drink? Coffee, tea or soda?
It's so nice of you to say that.
The place was on a chair in the hallway.
Roast beef, please.
Will the table be ready?
I'd rather have a moss than a rockfish.
Please change these yen to pounds.
What a surgical removal of worms.
Will you give me the medical bills?
I want a pocket dictionary, please.
Well, I don't know.
Congratulations, I knew you'd been promoted to vice president.
Tomorrow night after tomorrow.
I live in southern Japan.
A ticket back and forth to Chicago, please.
Do you like to eat with eggs, salted pork or pork loin?
To study.
Please, hurry up.
For two people at seven, name and tanap.
The air conditioning's not working.
It's like this every Monday.
Please go to the International Departure Hall, I wish you a happy trip.
Do you have any flights to Paris by Eurostar?
My watch. It was a digital psycho watch.
I brought my doctor's medical certificate from Japan.
We're happy to offer you the drink you want for lunch. A complete guide to the drinks we offer on our trip is in our magazine's information guide.
Do you live near here?
Can you send it to Japan?
Where's the gift shop?
Can I get you back on Friday?
Okay, let me check the missing and found. What kind of cameras are they?
I'm so sorry, we're getting you the room you ordered.
Oh, it shows subway stations and bus stations. Can I keep it?
Oh, I lost my glasses.
I'm on the main road by Morava Bay.
Yeah, we have a half-day schedule, a full-day schedule.
I like a throat.
I want a light, please.
I want to cancel my booking, please.
What's the recovery system?
The lights are off.
By the way, my name is Hirosh Igma.
What's the time difference between Tokyo and here?
This train stops at Lake Forest, right?
How much is the total?
Thank you, sir.
Go ahead. Turn right at the third pole.
I feel a sharp pain in my stomach.
Most Japanese eat oak and squid.
Did you see that?
It's a gift. Can you wrap this gift up for me?
Good evening, Mrs. Kent. We haven't met in a long time.
Can I get two second-class tickets to Chicago, please?
I'm happier.
I went to New York.
I would like to change my booking to flight two zero five on October 2nd.
What's the flight number?
Where's the Delta registration table?
Is this a low-sodium meal?
This item is not allowed.
I think we can. Here's your paper.
What was the last thing you took off your clothes before you went to bed?
No, I'll take it during my stay.
Is it colored?
Is this a private property in this neighborhood?
I want some biscuits.
One for New York, please.
For a few days.
The second one is on the left.
They look very small.
How was the tour?
I want a seat by the window, please.
Can I take the train with a European train ticket?
How long does it take to get to Japan?
Do you have road maps?
Oh, yeah, I read about it in the manual.
I ordered three cups of tea. But only two came.
Electrical appliances are very cheap, but the cost of food and housing is very high.
I'll have it outside.
He often took a size two and twenty in Japan.
What are the hours of the Art Museum?
Where should I pay?
This card, okay?
Is this your first trip abroad?
Which one's for the beginner's curriculum?
Surely this country has more than one kind of fruit.
I want to check out this bag.
Is there food at the ski resort over this slope?
Excuse me, I locked the door while I was out. Can I have another key?
Convert these US dollars to Japanese yen, please.
It's hard to say goodbye.
Is this the front desk? Is there a clinic nearby?
Excuse me, can I ask you what your dish is?
They hurt me.
Which gate should I go to after that?
Will ten dollars be enough for a cab?
I think she was excellent. Good acting and good rubbish.
Hey, thank you so much.
I didn't like this room. Can I see another room?
It's the latest fashion of the summer.
Take me to the city centre, please.
Can I rent a car?
It tastes weird.
Fix it while I'm out of your way.
Do you have any snacks?
Please speak slowly.
I'll be an hour late.
I was.
Wait, I'll get you one.
A waiter.
Is it going to rain all week?
Half a bottle, please.
Do they have live shows?
Can I see this bag?
You got something else?
You need rest.
Please fill out the following arrival card and customs form.
Is this car heading to Seattle?
Can I pay a portion of the fee now?
Is it natural or artificial?
Will you wait for me here?
Oh, thank you. I've been looking for her for a while.
Cash or credit card?
I'm completely out of place.
Not exactly. Just something not expensive.
Can it be washed in the laundry or hand-washed at home?
I need a watercolor box, please.
Sorry, what did you want?
I'd like to change the date to May 19th.
Please sign here. This is your bill.
I want some socks.
I need some beef.
Are you looking for something?
I want to be taken by bus to the bus station. Which buses do I take?
Four nights.
I want some men's socks.
It's very low in calories. Only 30.
I want to reserve a room.
Where in Japan are you from?
Unfortunately, he's too busy that day.
In that case, I recommend this one.
Room service.
Please be careful.
Can you cut it down for some stains?
Do you have any commemorative stamps?
This is room three seventeen. Can I have another blanket?
Can you get me to the station in fifteen minutes?
We need a mortgage on the wagon.
Someone hit me and then I found out my wallet was stolen.
There are no vacancies in single-bed rooms, but there are vacancies in double-bed rooms.
Is this ticket only valid for the day?
When do you get to Milan?
Do you have anyone who speaks Japanese?
What station is the pop music station on?
Delta Airlines.
I want a cup of coffee.
Does it have a bathroom and a toilet?
Time is up.
I heard Mr. Yamada has two sons.
I'd like to rent a shark boat.
Can you make the dishes later?
I want a gas stove.
Can you change US dollars to pounds?
Sure, sir. What's your name?
I'm not in uniform.
Please just come next time.
I'm not sure if I've packed enough clothes for a three-day trip.
Two bucks each.
We all made sure the chairs were sent to you by mail.
There's something wrong with the rear-view detectors.
Show me some leather gloves, please.
The car broke down. Please send someone to fix it.
Can you suggest a picture book for a six-year-old?
Can you keep my valuables, please?
Hey, Harry. Thanks for inviting us.
Well, I'd like to try white wine.
They're in the movies till this time.
I got about a thousand dollars in it.
It's my fault.
I need some laundry matches.
What kind of CDs are imported?
I'll study the conversation in English.
Have you read any good books lately?
I'm staying with a friend in New York.
If anyone asks about me, tell them I'll be at the cafe.
I'm sure I put it in the jacket pocket.
Do you have a place I can leave my luggage?
I came here on business.
Do you know any good diving schools?
How much is the price inclusive of taxes?
Give me some paper towels.
The apartment next door is a lot of noise.
Yes, Dr. Kripps doesn't examine any patient without an appointment.
Can you tell me the name and number of the person you want to call?
Is that a gift?
Will the airline pay me to buy some basic personal needs?
Is this a road to the Grand Hotel?
There's no one here by that name.
Where's the cop, please?
Can I borrow some tapes?
I want a room with a bathroom.
Nothing came out of the machine.
Does that have a guarantee?
What's your diagnosis?
It's at the end of the hallway on the seventh floor. Please take the elevator on your right.
We're at Jones Street Station.
I never thought about going to classical concerts when I was in Japan.
Can you describe this dish to me?
You were supposed to be on the eight-two-zero plane that took off fifteen minutes ago.
Your seats are near here.
He's on a business trip until next Friday.
My wife and I are so happy you're coming to spend the weekend with us so you can experience American life in the country.
She's next on the Yemen.
Someone opened my box.
Yes, please. My name is Kirosawa. How long can you keep my ticket?
Where can I buy a ticket to get where I want to go?
Six hundred dollars a month plus a month's advance and a month's worth of our semester.
Do you prefer a one-row coat of buttons or a two-row coat?
Oh, it's simple. Are you here, anyway?
Japanese Airlines, plane number one two three.
I want to buy a shampoo.
Can you tell us when we get to the public services complex?
I'll come back again with the rest for you.
No, I'm not.
What a piece of pottery. That dish is worth thirty dollars?
You have a nice jacket for about thirty dollars.
- Where's the nearest butcher shop?
Right. Do you have any secondary or detestable reactions?
Once you look at it, it looks like you've picked up some infection from it.
Can I have a receipt, please?
There's three of us.
I know. Do you remember how much I paid for your ticket?
Can I have a drink?
What's my room number?
Can I have two seats from the second floor for this evening?
I locked the key in the room.
Does it include taxes?
Excuse me. Can you tell me the way to the train station, please?
When does the post office open?
We'd like to stay four nights starting August 1st.
And because this bag is made of liquor, as you can see, it's a very old-fashioned, very powerful bag.
The food is very nice, but I've had enough, thank you.
My wallet was stolen from me in the subway.
I have to go to the Japanese embassy.
What's the name of this rose?
Can't you give it to me for a cheaper price?
Is it for Chicago?
Please cash this tourist check.
I've had a fever since the first of yesterday. My throat hurts so bad I can't swallow any food.
It's up here on the wall and the air conditioning key is here. Is there anything else you'll need, sir?
September 15th is the Day of Respect for the Elderly.
Can I get there on time if I leave here now?
There's no soap in my room.
Okay, but I hope it doesn't take long.
Can you fill out the form for me?
I bought this bag a while ago, but the sausage doesn't work.
You're following?
Please return to the bus at three.
Millions of people visit the famous shrine on the first day of the year.
If possible, I'd like a table by the window.
I shouldn't drink anything with salt.
I'd like a seat by the hallway, please.
Please give me my estimate.
That's great, thank you.
Do you have anything I can use for my skin?
Can you change the wording according to what you just said?
When are we gonna get this up to you?
I'm sorry. They're all sold out.
I'd like to send this postcard to Japan.
Thank you. This is your room key. The chainsaw will carry your luggage.
Keep my bags, please.
I'd like to rent a mid-size four-door car.
Where can I buy pottery?
My shirt smells like sweat.
How long will it take to order?
How many yen are you with, sir?
Hey, I got a reservation.
Please give me salt and pepper.
I booked through the Tokyo office. I'll be a little late for my registration tonight.
Let's go shopping fast.
I ordered a non-smoking seat when I signed up, but this seat is smoking.
Let's go get a drink.
I suggest you buy this kind of fish, red snapper.
I can't do that, but I'll put it in your bag.
Could you raise your voice a little bit, please?
Is there a specific date and place?
Thank you very much. I'd like to come, but I'm afraid I'll have another appointment.
How long does it take to be available?
In American colleges, baseball is the most popular game.
I'll give you a painkiller.
Can you tell me when the train is coming to Oxford? I'm afraid I'll be a passenger after that.
Bill, I love you, that's all.
You're raising me up.
I want to make sure when he leaves.
I don't think I'll be of much importance to you.
Where are the sports quizzes?
This size, which you call normal size, you'll find here.
Does it include everything?
Cross the street over there and walk forward until you get to the second intersection.
I want something for a headache.
A little fat? No. Are you kidding?
Where will the tour end, and when?
Well, I don't know if I'll take care of this.
Please mail this envelope to the airport.
I need something for a catch.
In the spring, cherry trees bloom.
Can you ask him to stop smoking up there?
I'll call him back.
I plan to stay with my friend in Los Angeles.
Can you get me the cream for my coffee?
It's not available in stores.
Do I need a high-speed train ticket?
Here's my phone number and e-mail address.
How old is this church?
Can you buy me a ticket to the opera?
Do you have any sightseeing bus tours around town?
I'm sorry. I'm a little weird about this place.
If you want to borrow any of my books, please let me know. I really don't mind borrowing books from friends.
What about the decorations? Will you repaint the rooms when the tenant lives in them?
I want to do some charity work.
How much tax refunds will I get?
I can't find her.
Can I have some mashed potatoes but no sauce?
I can give you a Ford Mista Ng after seven years for fifty dollars a week at an unspecified mileage.
Oh, yeah, here you go.
I hope I get back to this place when I'm in the States.
I'm completely restored.
What are your arrangements for the day?
Is that clear?
My wallet was stolen.
Where can I change the train to Edinburgh?
The door didn't open with that key.
I want it cooked on a quiet fire.
Can we enjoy this bliss and satisfy ourselves in this first-class restaurant?
How sweet. You're sure looking forward to seeing them.
I'd like to put that in a safe deposit box.
What better tour to see museums?
Please call the truck.
Where can I change my money?
I'm confused by Amy. I can't find anything to say.
Can you fix it and send it to Japan, please?
- All right.
I have to report the theft.
Can I take a measurement on this dress?
I still can't find one of my bags I searched for at Narita Airport.
I think it's me.
What kind of treatment do you get?
A snack, please.
I have about two hundred dollars in cash and a visa.
So you're still driving a taxi a long time?
Please come to the restaurant on the second floor from 7:00 to 9:00.
I plan to spend the holidays in the city centre until May 5th.
What preparations did they make for passing the exam?
You're almost there.
All passengers remain in their seats.
What buses do I take to the Washington Monument?
My name is Akiko Tanaka.
The Horiyogi temple is one of the oldest wooden buildings in the world that is worth seeing.
I got it, okay, thanks for taking more time. Can I get two hot dogs?
I'm glad. Oh. This is my flight report.
Yeah, anytime, everybody's welcome here.
I need to buy an insurance policy.
Can we leave our belongings except for the valuables on the bus?
What is J.R.
Turn it into small bills, please.
I wonder about these extra charges on my bill.
Do you like to go to the dance?
Please. Tell me about a reasonable restaurant that has a nice atmosphere.
When's the golf tournament?
After dinner with the candy, please.
Please get me a dryer.
Can you get me some water? I'm so blind.
We're not so hungry.
Let me see some brown shoes.
Where, when do we leave?
I'll pay you fifty dollars.
Please keep these bags till five o'clock, please. Can I get a receipt for this?
I have a bottle of whiskey.
I'll come see you at ten on Friday.
Is my meal ready?
I like to book for golf.
What kind of coins are used in this vending machine?
I like ginger beer.
I like some baby food.
Cancel the pickle.
Is this dress made of nylon?
Now I know. What was wrong?
Book, please.
I want a tape for the typewriter, please.
Please open the door with the spare key.
I'd like another cup of coffee.
I want one of those burgers so I can go.
Can you ask him to call back?
We have a food cart and another for coffee on the train.
My room hasn't been cleaned.
Sure, I have a table reservation at exactly six and a half this evening. But I'm sorry I'm half an hour late.
You can take the bus from bus stop number five.
Is there a skateboard nearby?
Thank you very much. Keep the rest for yourself.
Did you put a postage stamp on the postcard?
Three nights.
Is this going to Edinburgh?
When do you want us to leave?
Do I have to change planes on the way?
There are no towels.
Do you mind if someone else gets it for me?
Is that what you're implying?
Oh, I crossed it. Come back again, please.
It's a special Japanese custom, I guess.
Wrap these both up individually and put a tape on each, please.
Let me show you that. Yeah. There's a special dinner coming up today.
Can you split this up into four?
White, please.
I want two orders from Morrisopi noodles.
Yeah, there's a room. How many people are there?
Is there a currency exchange near here?
My name is Takeshi, and what about you?
Use it weekly to wipe the eye's soft tissue with it after washing your face, avoiding your eyes and hair positions.
I got hit with a glass here.
I should have asked the coach, but can you tell me which equipment is right for my back?
Stop on this side of the next intersection, please.
I'd like some milk, please.
How many ounces of perfume can I get for free?
Just a tour.
The player.
That's good, please sign them. How do you want it?
I think we're at the wrong station.
I understand. Can I have your credit card number and expiration date to stop your reservation, please?
Can you press the stop button for me?
I bought these pants yesterday, but they don't fit me.
Will it shrink?
Can you tell me what time it is?
I left my personal computer there last night.
Do you still have seats for tonight's show?
Do you remember the car number?
How much is this dress?
I don't understand German at all.
I'm calling the manager.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'll get your order as soon as possible.
Sure, sir.
It's alcohol-free, so you can rest because there's a little bit of irritation.
It takes seven or eight minutes on foot, depending on how fast you walk.
I'd like to get a big one.
I fell asleep and didn't wake up when his alarm went off at 6:30.
I'm a freelance photographer.
Make sure you deposit it in Boston.
I'd like a tie.
I'll ask another cab driver.
One beer, a steak with French fries and a special chef's salad.
Congratulations, Henry. I'm glad to hear about your engagement from Jane.
Go straight and turn left there.
I want something that fits that.
Money changers can change your dollars for casino bribes.
It must have been a big shock to you.
I have a thousand pounds.
How long does it take to walk there?
How tired is she?
What's the good medicine for my tired eyes?
We have about thirty kinds of bath oils.
Give me some gum, please.
This isn't a coupon. It's a receipt.
I'll get you the show next week.
Your call to the country you are trying to reach is not complete right now. Please try calling later.
The contract will be renewed annually.
Waitress, can I have the bill, please?
Can I pay with a tourist check?
Can I borrow some insurance?
Can you tell me how to get to that restaurant?
There was about thirty bucks and some credit cards.
Your bill is one hundred and fifty dollars and forty-five cents.
Thank you. How much does this glove cost?
How do I put it? It's very important that you be there.
I'd like to make a copy.
Thank you. Where's the key to the air conditioning?
Excuse me, but which street are we on now?
Can you mail this letter?
No, you're going the wrong way.
Can you please be polite to my life?
How long will it take to complete the tour?
I want some gift wrapping paper.
What's in there?
I think there's something wrong with this bill.
Can I have a bathtub?
I have to go. I'll call you later.
Can you book me a movie music video?
I want some diapers that can be disposed of after use.
Do you have a record of where you used them?
I'll call you back.
Three months.
I understand, we have a doctor at the hotel. I'll arrange for her to come to your room. Can the room manager come too?
Where was it filmed?
We have a very good oyster today.
As in a book, as in a day, as in a manger, as in a rose, as in a man, as in a thousand as in pain.
No, thank you.
I have a toothache. Can I have a medicine for him, please?
I can't turn on the air conditioning.
Where did these bedfish come from?
Can you change them to dollars, please?
Drop me off at the next station.
Can you show me a waterproof coat?
Where's the tourism office?
Can you stop by the market on our way?
What am I gonna do if I don't understand his questions?
I want some socks.
I want an automatic camera, please.
Please take me there.
Should the door be open or closed?
How many bucks do you want?
We're very lucky. They have one size four at the Alamona store.
Tell me the way to the Hilton, please.
Do you have a map of the subway routes?
Is there a limo?
Do you know if this restaurant requires a reservation?
I'd like to book a return flight.
Can you suggest a good French restaurant?
Is there a barber shop at the hotel?
The tub lock is broken.
This is a gift, so please wrap it up.
Nice to meet you.
Something's wrong with the battery.
I have something to ask you.
Please keep the room a little warmer.
My stone is gone.
Can I get a call to wake me up at 5:30 tomorrow morning?
I prefer a quiet room.
I need a nail polish remover.
Please go straight.
Can you help me find my fun?
I guess that one down there is the World Trade Center, right?
Where's the plastic model shop?
I can't tell you.
Can you suggest a cure for the pain of the scrotum?
Where's Pier Five?
Yeah, it looks like something that needs to be examined. Could you check it out, Mr. Kenan, and then report the results to Mr. Nakayama as soon as possible?
No, thank you.
I think there's a mistake in the bill. There's room service fees. But I didn't get any service.
I want to fly as soon as possible.
Is it a long way to the Hilton?
I want a battery.
Do you know a good restaurant where we can have good meals at a reasonable price?
I want lipstick.
That's thirty-five dollars.
I would like to change my booking. Can I change flight B to flight A five zero five?
Is there an M.D.G. band?
Can I rent a swimming breathing apparatus?
Coal's out, but I haven't noticed any change.
I can give you a three percent discount.
He did this damage to the car before I hired it.
Okay, I want to wear it to the wedding on Saturday.
I would like to book a room for four nights from December twenty-two.
No, we want each bill individually, please.
I want a proof in Japanese.
Excuse me. I'm a stranger here. Can I ask the man if you like it? One moment, please.
Can I catch the bus to the Hilton?
Is there a flight to Tyrol in three or four days?
I feel better now.
Is this suitcase for all weather?
I want a cake, please.
Sorry, but we're gonna be thirty minutes late.
Can you change this paper currency into cash?
Your room, sir.
I want to rent a machine gun for two days.
Please stop all transactions on this card.
Will I get a discount if I stay at your hotel for a month?
Are you here for work or research?
Are you done with your dinner?
I didn't realize flight twenty to San Francisco.
This is better quality.
Sure, sir. White or color?
I've pawned two pounds.
Do you have a tour that includes a visit to the Golden Gate Bridge?
I can't make it for my follow-up.
How much do I pay to get to the airport?
That's good. When is it?
Where do I take the bus to the museum?
Who is the author of the play?
Deposit box, please.
I'm only staying here for a month.
When does the tour start?
When does the morning party start?
I'm from Russia.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a fever?
Where can I get the bus to the Metropolitan Museum?
I felt really happy being with you.
Where's the nearest library?
Do you have any rooms available tonight?
Would you please cash this $100 tourist check?
Our plane finally arrived in Honolulu.
I want this kind, please.
I'd rather not go to the hospital if I could.
How old is your daughter?
It's flight seven zero three to Tokyo on Friday, September 4th.
Where do I put my things?
For that price, I think I'll look for other shops.
Please turn off all electronic devices.
How much do you want to act?
Not necessary after the pain stops.
Why do you get up so early every morning?
Look for some pasta.
How many spectators can this stadium hold?
Yeah, that's right.
My book ice is dissolved.
We want to play tennis today.
Can you come with me, please?
Sorry, I don't know this spot from the city.
I'll call him again at four o'clock.
On the morning of January 11th, the accident happened.
Is next Tuesday okay?
What about tomorrow?
What kind of restaurant are you looking for? Do you just want to have dinner, or are you looking for a bar?
Is there a police station here?
The life expectancy of a Japanese is the longest in the world.
Two fries and a cola. $ 2, please.
Single room, please.
Where's the ice skating slope?
Down the back door.
We look forward to seeing you again.
Can you show me some cheap, clean hotels?
Can I get a review of this book?
Can you nominate me for a good French restaurant near here?
This is the confirmation card.
This will be fine.
So, this is two thousand five hundred dollars a month. We can confirm that we'll pay you three thousand dollars a month.
We can book you a comfortable room in an old castle near a famous golf club.
I wish you a happy marriage.
Do you have a ten-year-old Ballantine?
Is that contraction resistant?
Is the botanical garden open today?
Maybe we can do it, but I'm afraid it'll take a few months.
I recommend it because it's made of 100 percent natural ingredients.
I want to rent a car.
Can we have a plate, please?
Take us to the Chicago Hotel.
The flight was delayed for ninety-nine speeds because of bad weather.
It's an emergency.
I want something Chanel's style.
Which way are the health diapers?
Can you show me your passport and customs form, please?
I want to join the Niagara Falls tour.
Our dish today is garlic-flavored shrimp with a steamed rice dish.
Hey, is that Mr. Clark?
Would you like a snack?
Do you have any medication?
I think you got the wrong number.
I want a red dress.
I guess so.
My name card is on it.
Does the train stop in Brighton?
This is our last addition to the packing line. We pack about six hundred boxes every day.
I want to go.
I want a squash, please.
Can you tell me where I can get a cab?
Oh, no, he's telling me something. What should I do?
Yeah, they are.
Please bring me breakfast in my room.
Two second-class tickets, please.
That's tight.
Please send this car to the hotel tomorrow at eight o'clock.
Is there a boat trip that includes food and dinner?
I'd like to fax.
Do you have any more color?
It's so glamorous.
Okay, no. I'll call him back in twenty minutes.
Education was taken care of, and military strength was increased.
Which do you prefer for dinner, beef or fish?
Can I have a Mastercard?
I want a travel squad.
Can I get you anything?
This size, please.
I don't like her.
Five bucks and extra drinks.
I'm afraid to ask, but what do you mean?
How much for two?
I got a stroke all of a sudden.
How much does a guide pay a day?
My name is Hiroshi Mori.
I want some yogurt, please.
Yes. Is this the right table for United Airlines flight eight two zero?
Should we wear coats and necklaces?
What bus goes to Guildhall?
I want someone who prepares ordinary paper-sized documents without having to fold them.
Please come this way. Let me help you pack your bags.
She's on the second shelf in the middle row.
Where's the bar?
Please register before 9: 00.
Our seats are separate.
Sure. Where do you want to go?
Yeah, but not too strong.
I'm very sensitive to cats.
I want a booklet, please.
Yeah, you have to have a driver's license, you have to get a license from the taxi and limousine commission.
Happy hour.
Sorry, all seats are filled on August 30th.
Can I see something cheaper?
Can you call me a cab?
Do I need to go back to Japan right away?
The room costs more than I've been told.
I'd like to order another order. Can I see the menu again?
There was a cat-shaped key medal hanging from a ribbon here.
What are you gonna do with this little bag?
I want something for the cold.
Can I see this?
Eighteen dollars exactly.
Please cash this tourist check.
Where do I put the laundry?
Have you had enough?
Keep going, sir.
Walk to the end of this street. It's right outside the ice cream shop.
I can't seem to get hot water.
I don't have a reservation.
Can I touch her?
Point it out on the map, please.
Are there any good, cheap restaurants near here?
I'd like to reserve a room for tonight.
This is a great house.
Is this the bus stop for Chelsea?
I'll be a little late for the hotel tonight, but please keep my reservation.
Can I use a credit card?
When the collector comes to see your ticket, please show him your passport and this ticket.
Except the pencils you need?
What's the latest book by Jabberyth?
One entry seat, please.
I ordered half fresh, not fully ripe.
Your suit will be ready in a week of rehearsal, sir.
No, it doesn't include taxes and service charges.
I want apple juice, toast, fried eggs and coffee.
Where's the camera shop?
One little Coke, please.
I'm just a beginner. I guess I can't do that.
Four apples.
How much does it cost to insure it for three hundred dollars?
Do you want to go shopping with me this afternoon?
Can you re-issue my credit card?
Hey, that's a really nice dress.
Give me some time to think.
You should rest today.
I want to reiterate exactly what I'm supposed to do.
I know how you feel, hon.
I'll call you back.
Now, your call has been answered. Please.
Are you booking a table for two at this restaurant at six tonight?
That's weird. It looks like a bird's nest in the sky.
I can't sleep well.
What's the gate number?
Could you please tell me about anything that charges?
What is the Hawaiian memorial?
Hey, this is room three-zero-five.
I want some salt for the bathroom.
Can you fix this camera? It doesn't pull well.
What's your name and number?
I thought it was a fixed amount between the airport and the city center.
If they're there, will you bring everything here right now?
Well, I think the exchange rate fluctuates between up and down forecasts overall.
It's authentic and historic.
What game is playing in the stadium?
What are you doing on New Year's Eve?
Can I get there by subway?
Can you give me the number of the Japanese embassy or consulate, please?
It's good. It's very comfortable.
I want a dryer.
Well, this is a quiet room.
Are we going anywhere talking like that?
I have a reservation at seven.
That's good. But there'll be a two-hundred-dollar cost cut.
It's 7: 00 a.m. local time.
It's at the end of this street, three blocks away, I guess.
Sorry, it's all booked for the Christmas holiday season, but we have one seat on December twenty-two.
I got it.
Can I get compensation if you don't find my bag?
Okay, what kind of fruit do you like?
When was your last period?
I'm from Norway.
I did a phone confirmation two days ago.
I'm not sure if my passport was stolen or just dropped out of my pocket.
The box is five and sixty centimeters long, thirty centimeters wide and eighteen centimeters high.
I'm looking for a souvenir.
It has four main islands.
Ten o'clock. This is your room key. Your room number four fifty-three-thirty. The waiter will take your luggage upstairs.
Yeah, we're having a great time in Hawaii. I wish you were here.
Can you provide me with a translation?
I'll have some tea with the milk.
Can you pull my hair a half inch above my eyebrow?
From eight to twelve, please.
When does it open?
Do you have rooms for less than fifty dollars a night?
Table for two at six this evening, please.
Fifteen dollars, please.
Turn left at bright light.
I don't need anything.
Can I book a tour of exploration?
How do I fill this up?
You see a white building across the street, it's him.
Sure. Let me see it. I think the coral hurt you.
Just for confirmation, give me the number of the manager.
Is there a freeway?
I'm studying to be a scientist.
Can you give me two tickets for the reserved seats?
Please take off your clothes and put on this dress.
Can you put an extra bed in the room?
Can I get a Japanese telephone operator?
Take this to the station. From there you have to go to the hotel on your feet.
Why didn't he come to the party yesterday?
I want to rent a boat with a guide, please.
Is there a public restroom near here?
Show it to me, please.
There was a traffic accident.
I haven't made any phone calls.
Please hold my bags.
Can I get a wake-up call at 7:00 a.m.?
Do you have a tape?
I like it a little milk and sugar.
I'd like to change my flight to Chicago from nine to eleven.
Please bring a hair dryer.
Yokota and Habi are two popular Japanese souvenirs for foreigners.
Sorry, I called the wrong number.
Where's the nearest shoe store?
Please enter your ID number.
You have a sense of art.
Please secure these bags until three.
I came here to see an authentic opera.
I can't adjust the painting.
Are these for sale today?
Don't go to work until Tuesday, and don't eat too much.
One hamburger with cheese and orange juice, please.
Here's my passport.
Wrestling is one of the traditional sports. Matches are held six times a year.
A chair in the hallway, please.
Practice leads to mastery.
How many days will it take to order?
It's a little bit of a bust.
We need more time to check the contract.
Why, thank you very much. Can I go up to the top?
I'm sick. Can I have my airbag?
Please tell me how I can get to the museum.
Is this made of leather?
Hey, you, yourself. Why don't you have lunch with us?
Thank you.
Can you keep my valuables, please?
Are you on any other medications?
I want to go to the advanced site.
Have you decided yet?
Jenny, Mike, Sarah, Sam, come on, everybody's up.
Can I get two tickets for the musical next Friday?
Can I get a message once it's fixed?
I want a jacket.
No, thanks. I can find the place. See you later.
Welcome. My favorite seat is in the hallway.
I want to rent a mid-size car for three days.
Do you have a bag to go with?
I want to call San Francisco.
My bag was stolen in the lobby of the hotel.
How and when should I pay the expenses?
Another passenger there said they could change their seats with you.
We ate too much.
It's too tight here.
Please enlarge the print to this size.
Hi, this is room number twelve four thirty. I'm Oda. I want a call to wake up at six tomorrow morning, please.
Can you pay at the front desk, please?
Can I have the rest, please?
You might be interested in this little computer.
Overall, it was an easy flight, with a little trouble.
What's your flight number?
I'm glad you liked it. I got it through a deal at ABC's department store.
Can I have dinner on the ship?
Can I get a tour ticket?
Are you a permanent member of the car rental club?
What are you gonna buy?
You share our opinion. By the way, he said you're good-natured.
How did you spend your summer vacation?
Shut up now and I'll call you back.
Are you putting a colony channel?
It's too far. I need a means of communication.
Do you have this in red?
Please tell me how to use it.
Can I extend my stay?
Great try, but you won't know for sure without trying.
How can I contact the Bureau of Investigation?
They're hungry.
Dude, you know a place worth seeing near here?
Can I see your driver's license?
No, I want to rent half a set of speculators and a pair of shoes.
Thank you. Enjoy your stay.
I'm coming from Hokkaido.
Have a good trip.
You got this?
What's this mark?
It's on sale now, for only thirty-nine and forty cents.
I was angry about what the salesman said.
Can you tell me when you found the lost case?
Do you have something bigger?
It's humid in Japan in the summer.
I want to get to the airport at two.
What's the name of this reserve?
Are there any modifications you'd like to make?
I want a color that will make me look smaller?
I got a bruise.
Where's a good place to see important places?
Please bring my bags to the room.
I want some tomatoes, please.
Can I have some fruit?
There's no problem.
Can I go into the room now?
I won't find anything like this in Japan. I'll buy it.
On a Wednesday night.
Please tell me my seat.
What kind of candy do you have?
You're wrong about counting.
It's three o'clock.
A little more neck, please.
I can't tell what you're saying.
How much is a one-day ticket?
Did you call me?
What's your flight number?
Do you know your friend's taste in clothes?
Is this the place I meant in case the case is lost?
I need them urgently.
How much is the total cost?
You know there are banks or ATMs near here?
I'm sorry, but I want to cancel the reservation.
I'll be there at about four o'clock.
I want to leave a day early.
What kind of merchandise does the store specialize in?
Can I have my lunch now?
I want to exchange those dollars.
Can you ask if I can get on another plane?
Is the next train from Sydney late?
You have a headache?
You can't take this thing to Japan. It's in the Washington Convention.
Can you pick me up at the nearest station?
Yeah, I have.
I want to cancel my booking.
Yeah, a little piece. Yeah, I dropped the fork.
Where's the old part of town?
Will you give me some newspapers and magazines?
Do you have a smaller one?
Should we leave our cameras at the entrance?
What day is it closed?
I need a cab. I'm in South Maine, Liberty.
I think we have, one moment, please.
How can I know this guy?
Sure. You always want a wave-release?
That's not an apple, but it's a pickle.
I want a grammar book.
Please come to gate nine thirty-four at four and a half.
What's the next bus?
Can I rent a bicycle?
Is there a tennis court near here?
Where's the host?
Do you have an experienced guide?
When do the famous cherry blossoms in Japan bloom?
Yeah, I'm too.
I'm going to the Tower of London. Can you tell me how to get there?
Can I order a big pizza with cheese?
It takes about forty minutes by bus.
Is she close?
Yeah, we can. I'll be right back.
You've stirred my feelings.
I'm sorry, I'm not home right now. Please leave a message after the bell rings, and I'll call you as soon as possible.
I want to take a tour of New York by your helicopter.
Please make sure you didn't leave anything behind.
How many times does the bus number nine pass?
I'll give you a prospectus. Take her to the pharmacy.
I lost one of the contact lenses.
I take piano lessons once a week.
What do you want on it?
Please keep the bags until 3:00.
My name is Yamaseta.
See that ladder? It leads to the train station going the other way. But in fact if you want to see London, the bus is much better than the subway. Take this way, and you will find a bus stop. Bus number twelve will take you straight to the museum. Please have a nice visit, sir.
Here's something for you.
We fly three times a week, Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
I had a good time today.
That's a high price, isn't it?
These hats seem to be fashionable. I think I'll buy one too.
Can I have a blanket?
Is this medicine effective at relieving fever?
She's a thief.
You want more?
His eyes were black and open on both sides.
Ah, the special day prices are giving here.
Yeah, we got this. We'll get it ready for you.
Can you keep my bags for you till 3:00?
I just want to visit without an appointment.
Can I book a car from here?
I got it. I think I can show them all in an hour.
Here's five dollars without any pennies.
Please reserve a table for five.
It's too close to the bathroom. Can you change it for me?
Excuse me, please lend me a calculator.
Where's the conference room?
Are you American?
Is it handmade?
Please show me a list of hair loss types.
Do you have a color map?
Should I go to the hospital?
We have self-defense forces.
You want a cigarette?
I'm sorry, I ran out of all the quantity. Try one of the subway stations.
To this place, please.
Do you have a return ticket?
Do you mind pulling the window down a little bit?
My car broke down.
If you find her, we'll call you.
Please don't put sugar in it.
Where's the blindfold?
We want a quiet corner, if possible.
My motor broke down. I'm on Fifth Avenue at seventy-fifty. Please come as soon as possible.
We're interested in natural history.
We're open from ten to seven and a half.
Is this taxi available?
Is this a train station?
I would like to make an international call to Japan, please. I am Yuki Moray in room three and twelve. I want to make a call to Mr. Kisouk Moray for you to get paid for. The phone number in Tokyo is zero three three seven two six eight three nine one.
May I see it, please? Do you use it from today?
When should I come?
How do you want your bills?
I want a little whiskey.
Uh, can I have my meal later? I feel like I'm not well right now.
I want to finish using the safe deposit box.
Listen, al, what's, uh, the fax number over there at the station?
I'll report you to the Consumer Protection Bureau.
I want some headphones, please.
It hurts my toes a little.
It's not my fault. Can't you make an arrangement?
Isn't there another way to handle a situation?
Is it open now?
My hands are swollen?
A pair of eight-inch shoes, please.
I already have news. I'm getting married.
What are the main exhibitions in this gallery?
Can you fix this camera?
I need an accident report to get insurance.
Another pair of pants?
I found an apartment by searching the Internet.
Can I have a show?
In a hundred degrees, the freezing point is zero.
I want it for the weekend.
My stomach is upset. Do you have any good medicine?
Yeah, all you need is shampoo and dry air.
Okay, you?
Okay, here's your bill. It's $ 45, 50 cents.
My room was broken into last night.
Can I pay with a check?
Show me the fish you saw today in the picture book, please.
I'm re-planning the kitchen?
How long does it take to send this card to Japan by air mail?
We'll be leaving soon.
Yes, sir. Do you have any personal proof?
I want a five-year-old girl's toy.
I've never been sick for a day in my life.
How far is Boston?
It's so nice of you to come to Japan.
I feel a lot better.
I'll be back on March 5th and 20th.
Do you have any cookies for diabetics?
I want milk, please.
Oh, what a huge meal.
Can I get stamps for letters to Japan?
Which pier does the train to Milan leave from?
Please send the car to the Alfa Hotel at nine o'clock in the morning.
Look at the instructions on the empty food can.
I'm going to take a tour of New York in a helicopter.
I want paper money.
It looks great.
Can you show me your boarding pass, please?
Whiskey you want for fifty cents.
Is this a joke?
Don't hit your wings in the sand.
Is this for work?
Please tell me how I can make an international call.
Can you change this fifty-dollar bill to ten bills of five dollars each?
Can I carry this bag on the plane?
Please take this away.
He took my wallet and ran away.
It's not too far. About fifty minutes.
I'd like to take this away.
How long will it take to get better?
Yesterday, I bought this and broke it.
My budget is fifty dollars.
I'll transfer you to Mr. Suzuki.
What about 6: 00?
Now, please.
I'm so glad to see you.
Where can I find bus number nine?
I hope our trip is a happy one.
Don't you have a rehearsal?
Is there somewhere I can make a phone call?
I'm in the bathroom. There's no hot water in the shower.
Keep these bags, please.
Three nights from July 1st. What's your room price?
Give me fifteen liters of super, please.
Can you show me how this electric can opener works?
Will it be ready right now?
What kind of wine would you recommend with this dish?
I lost my transit ticket.
Is there a place near here to exchange foreign currency?
Who are the most popular players?
Where are the missing ones found?
Where can I watch a movie?
I want one hot dog, please.
Is there a high-speed train?
We can send it to the post office.
Where can I buy postage stamps?
I'm from Great Britain.
This year is broken.
Give me this camera. I want to take a picture.
How much more first class than second class?
You gonna look in your restaurant for my purse?
Taxi parking, where?
I have to check with my wife.
It was cold.
I need something for the headache.
I want to get compensation for that.
I thought you could help me understand the menu.
Can you sign here, please?
I want some drops.
I want French food.
Peaches were admired at the Dill Girls'Festival on March 3rd.
Which pier is the train to take to Tokyo?
So, what about this one?
Did you take any oranges?
So, can I trade it for something else?
There's a phone box in front of this bank.
I'll arrive on March 9th and leave on the 14th.
Excuse me. Can you tell me about some nice places to visit in this town?
Is there a cafeteria nearby?
Two tickets to and from Boston, please.
It says " stick to your boat. "
Do you want to visit a place?
Did you write it?
Yeah, you can buy stamps from vending machines in the hallway.
Which one of these shoes are for sale?
I'm on the first 80th near Berkeley.
Just your name and address is enough.
That's a little expensive, don't you think?
Let me get your bags.
How much does she weigh?
Call someone who speaks Japanese.
This is room number two one thirty. Could you please get two cups of coffee?
I think this is the wrong change.
It takes about three hours to get to the office and back.
Can you suggest a popular clothing store for young people?
He has a three-five-twenty-two batting average.
Please don't come back.
I'll leave at two and a half.
I have a Detroit ticket leaving at eleven in the morning.
Please make me a chair by the hallway in the middle.
Can you help me find him?
I'm looking for something made in the USA.
Does it take more than ten minutes on foot?
I think I'm falling in love with you.
What time did you say we should hand over our paperwork?
Is there anyone looking after him?
Do you have a heel?
Where's the bus stop?
What's your country's population?
You want some candy?
Four party, seven and a half tonight. What do you call it?
I want to change my order.
What is the first place tourists are interested in visiting in England?
I'm leaving tomorrow.
I want some pickle, please.
You got time tonight?
I'm from Tokyo.
I want a juice, please.
What places have you planned to visit in this country?
What's this made of?
Mr. Frank Schmidt, our factory manager, will be glad to see you here.
Twenty-five dollars including bus fare, guide and admission.
What do you think is going on with this?
I was on a Pan American flight four-zero-two.
I want a battery for this, please.
Near the theater, please.
Registered, please.
Where's the check-out table?
It's hot.
Sorry, that's the kind of room we have.
We mainly trade household appliances.
Private without a bathroom, please.
Yeah, I'm looking for a dress.
We want to try the local food.
What's with her?
Take my friend to the hospital, please.
You really helped.
The city art museum is good.
This grape tastes good.
What number should I ask for information?
Where's the phone?
We'll have a meeting and decide in a week.
Please give me a receipt for the insurance company.
Are you talking?
Yeah, she's doing it. It looks like the sky's a little bit of a warning.
Same thing for me, please.
This wine really relieved me.
One less. I bought five.
Thanks for driving me here in hours. I really appreciate your help.
What's the fastest meal?
How much for tonight?
Sure. One minute, sir.
My order didn't come.
You don't have to wake me up for meals.
Sure, please.
Don't worry. I called one of the firefighters.
How much does it cost to get to Holiday Inn in a cab?
There are plenty of hot springs.
I missed you.
Sorry, I've made some coffee.
No, just for a few months. I think I'll be around for about three years.
Please change fifty thousand yen to US dollars.
Is the post office nearby?
I want to rent some surfing gear.
Do you have any local dishes?
Can you reserve this seat for me?
That's good for me. I actually like to smoke.
I don't understand what you're saying.
Hey, where's our private room, please?
I'll never forget the time we spent together under a tree on a bright summer's day.
Is this the right window?
Where can I buy skates and shoes?
It's supposed to be warmer tonight.
Did you forget our drinks?
Here's my full name and address.
How much for the double room?
This wine tastes bad.
Can you get a pillow to room one, please?
Where's the third floor?
Can you send it to my address in Japan by international parcel mail and get the price from there?
I don't have a medical ticket.
Where's the cemetery?
I have to say goodbye.
By the way, where's the necklace section?
Can you tell me how to get there?
You can have a snack at the bar serving first-class snacks?
Can you help me, please?
Welcome to French Airlines.
Do we have time to walk around here and there?
I want a glass of red wine.
My dream has come true.
Don't put a kettle, please.
Where are the charges?
It's wrapped.
Only if it's yours, sir.
Okay, here's your key. Your room number eleven zero nine.
Where can I buy dishes?
Sorry to interrupt, but let's get to the main issue. We have a lot to discuss today.
I'm allergic to antibiotics.
I have some English, math and French homework.
I'll draw a map.
Sure. How can we serve you?
Do you accept dollars?
The visa is valid for six months.
That's very good. We don't need to do it tonight.
Oh, she's coming.
By sea mail?
It'd be dangerous if I didn't take a taxi to the hotel.
We have beer, whiskey, brandy, gin, vodka, and wine.
No, I'm afraid we'll be a few hours late.
Some without filtered cigarettes, please.
I'll get off the next stop.
Call Mr. Ogawa and get his price from him, Tokyo four five six seven.
I understand. Please fill out this form. We may not be able to find it, so you should contact the credit union.
I'm very sorry, sir. We have to call the police.
Is there a discount shop near here?
Uh, does the passport work?
I suggested it before.
My room number is three six and twenty. Can you take the laundry?
Please show me the bills.
Give me instructions.
Yeah, I got two boxes.
He's a baggage grabber.
Yeah, we have ninety-nine kinds of snacks.
I'll see if any of them fit me.
I want a boil.
Get me some grated cheese.
Please call a Japanese doctor.
He just went out for lunch. He'll be back in ten minutes.
Will we be there on time?
Can I ask you to draw the way to the post office?
Somebody help me, please.
My camera looks broken. Can you take a look at it?
Is there any other bus line going there?
Is it the price of the set or the price of the piece?
What kind of spice do you prefer? We have the island of a thousand, blue cheese, and French.
I want some change.
Can I get my shirts cleaned up tomorrow morning?
Can you talk slowly, please?
No, I guessed right. I've been divorced for about six months.
Sure, sir. How do you like the meat pie?
Can you tell me how to control the room temperature?
It's all beautiful.
What's the official kimono?
I go to the bathroom a few times an hour.
Can you ask him to call me back?
I want a glass of red wine, please.
I'm looking for a silk scarf.
Take my bags, please.
Is this bus going to Boston?
I'm leaving at seven tomorrow morning, so I want my bill now.
Just a little over the eyebrows, please.
I'll take this and this.
Then why?
Excuse me. Is there a bookstore near here?
I want to send this by sea.
Please turn off the line. I'll call you later.
Water was overflowing in the pool.
I think you made a mistake. The room paid for it. I have a receipt.
There are four distinct seasons.
Well, I guess I'll cut three percent.
My credit card didn't come out of the ATM.
Bus is over there.
The model might be more user-friendly.
I've had these symptoms since this morning.
This is Kida in room seven nine twenty. I have a bad stomachache. Please call me a doctor.
I hate you.
I want two ISO's, a hundred, a color film, thirty-six shots, please.
I'd like to cash this check for seventy dollars.
I'd like to reserve a suite.
I would like to buy stamps for ten postcards to Japan, please.
Where's the gas station?
Is that an infection?
It will take about ninety-nine days to re-issued a card. Please write the name of the hotel and phone number on this paper, so we can contact you.
Does this limo go to the Palace Hotel?
Are you going to school?
Are there banks near the station?
You want something to drink?
I'm afraid there's been a mistake on the bill.
I want a tent.
I found it.
I'm looking for a thread.
What's so hard about this?
Will our order be in right away?
Which one's closer?
It's right here.
Does the train stop in Adelaide?
Please send the scarf.
One cheeseburger to go, please.
I want this.
This way, please. The seat next to the window is yours.
I want some nostrils.
Is this a subway station or a regular train station?
Where's the ride hall?
It's one-zero-four this afternoon.
It'll take a little time to set up, but...
We have to decide tonight if we're going to continue our plans to establish a branch somewhere in Latin America, and, if we are, where exactly, when, and how.
Can I get a compensation card for canceling the party or the game because of the rain?
When you buy for more than nine and a half dollars, you can use the duty-free system.
Brown, my name on her side.
I'll have the hotel attendant open the door with the key. Wait a minute, please. What's your name and room number?
Enjoy the soul music.
You can't really design without a computer anymore.
The battery's weak.
I get it. Two tickets to San Diego, please.
Your coffee, please.
What time is it?
Do I need a fishing license?
We'd like a table by the window.
Run.
I'm unemployed.
Is there a scuba school available?
Can you get my bags down at 7:00 in the morning?
Should we pay for drinks?
I love Joya. I miss seeing them.
There are pieces in my blouse. I wonder if you could stitch it for me, please?
Can I get a record number on the deal there?
Do you have a bus to the airport?
Well, when you come to Japan, please click my home.
Oh, about an hour.
It's perfectly suited to the beach.
How long does it take to get there and back?
Can you keep my bags until 4: 00?
How much for Manchester?
It takes about forty minutes. Please take a Japanese booklet, if you want.
Fifty cents a word. It's more expensive than I expected.
Can I leave this car outside the hallway?
Are these tax-exempt terms?
The best thing is to have a good time with good friends.
I'd like to reserve a two-bedroom and bathroom for two nights, starting May 3rd.
Can you get them in tomorrow morning?
Because of the snowstorm, Canadian Airlines flight zero two one was cancelled.
Do you mail books to Japan?
How long are you staying?
Does the X-ray affect the film?
I'm on a weight loss diet, so make it a small part, please.
I canceled the flight. We'll take you to the hotel.
I'll be late, but keep my reservation, please.
What time is it?
Can you lend me a supply line?
Where can I buy a beach helmet?
Please give me a discount.
I'm right outside my room. My room number is two zero one.
We have ten single rooms, eight couples and nine double beds.
We can check our things here.
Please put it on the scale there. Five and seventy cents.
Can you take me to Union Station and get me back?
I'd like to see this.
Well, because you know the government will provide more measures that encourage the pumping.
Do you have any airmail posters?
Am I gonna be able to get the items listed at the supermarket or do I have to go to the pharmacy too?
No, we didn't, but you bought gas. Please fill the tank before you return the car.
I would like to send this postcard to Japan by air mail.
And the tour company said it should be good.
Thanks for everything.
So, please give me a new reservation.
Do you think I should go back to Japan?
May I ask your name?
Today's price will be up to that.
Give me this pork cut, but not that meat.
We'll be there at seven.
Where's the gallery?
Can I use the bathroom or shower tonight?
When I see prices so cheap, it seems ridiculous to buy anything in Japan.
She stole my records, too.
The number is two zero nine three five one two one two.
We're a group of three.
Come on, give me a better one.
Vanilla ice cream cone, please.
Your start time is two o'clock, as you booked. But another party is coming up soon.
Did you make a reservation?
I go to the water cycle every thirty minutes.
How long does it take to get the mail?
I agree. You should be very normal.
Right here?
Notice the gap, notice the gap, then near the doors, please.
We'll stay for three nights.
I'm gonna need a credit card.
Here's the number.
I'd like to change my trip.
Is there a subway station near here?
This is Mr. Copacabana. May I speak to Mr. Thomas?
When does this train leave?
Tell me about a good area for this river, please.
How many times do you have a concert?
I'd like to take a lesson in ice skating.
I'm gonna find out about your rent.
For one person?
Please give me a report of the accident.
Give me a little bottle of it.
No, thank you for now.
Where do locals usually eat?
Do you have any credit cards in it?
It'll be forty dollars plus taxes, making it forty-three.
Okay, stay on the line. Mr. Nakashima, Miss Saito doesn't seem to be answering the phone. Do you want me to call her any longer?
Is it easy for a two-year-old to play?
Maybe, but we should study both at once.
I want to send these postcards to Japan.
I'm from France.
Can I see your ticket?
Two tickets to Washington, D.C., please.
Can we play with these shoes?
Can you fix this piece in my pants?
Please make a call that gets paid.
It seems very rare.
Where's the flight briefcase seven zero three?
I don't know what the size is.
Where's the nearest phone?
Yes, please do it. I'll be waiting for your call.
Can you give me a discount for three nights?
Can I have a message?
At the theater right next to the library.
Something's wrong with your bag.
Excuse me. Can I get a map of the city?
Isn't that dangerous?
That line is long.
Is this gonna spoil?
I want fried eggs, toast and tomato juice.
Map, please.
Can you break this, please?
Do you have another application?
No, thank you. I better not drink more.
Is your card on your suitcase?
Anything to announce?
Double room, please.
There are no reserved seats. You can take the seat you like.
I'd like some sausage, please.
He took my bag.
Are you Korean?
No, but we have a new little car as a replacement.
You said our exchange rate. Does that mean that each bank has a different rate?
What do you expect me to wear?
How many coins does he take?
Preach it, please.
I want a wall watch.
What town is the bus stopping at next time?
Oh, you're so good, aren't you?
Frank is Swiss, okay?
How long does it take from L.A. to San Francisco?
Good evening. Can I help you?
I'd like some diarrhea medication.
I want to tell my friends about this place, so can you give me a book about the hotel?
I lost my passport. Please make a burglary statement.
Where are you taking me?
Where's the phone?
Please tell me about some of the proper streets for shopping.
Excuse me a second.
I'll write you.
Is this bus going to the Hilton?
What's the most comprehensive tour of the city?
Now, this painting is very special. It was painted by Tsurotaro Kataoka. He is known as a world artist.
Can you fill out this form, please?
I'd like a hot dog with onions, please.
What's the special for this restaurant today?
Excuse me. Can you tell me the average cost of a regular dinner?
Change this, please.
How about leaving tomorrow morning for Paris and switching to the evening flight of Swiss Airlines?
Please wait until you're seated.
No diving.
Yeah. This is room eleven zero nine. The air conditioner's not working. Can you fix it?
Okay, where's the shutter button on this camera?
We won contracts with most suppliers in Japan.
Can you tell me the way to Union Square?
Can you tell me how to use a gas pump?
Do you have a receiver?
At the ZZZ. Funny name, isn't it?
The coral is beautiful here and the stream is comparatively nice.
Eighty-five pence.
I have a great appreciation for classical music.
Can I invite you out for dinner sometime?
That was magical.
I booked two bags.
Sure. Please say hi to Miss Cook who has made many good initiatives during our meeting.
Do you have any accommodations available for this price?
Okay. What's your partner's name and number, please?
I have my bank account number.
I'm afraid you can't. You'll have to go out there and walk around.
I'm a housewife.
Excuse me, let me out, please.
Can you spell your last name, please?
Ticket to Chicago, please.
Can you call a staffman who speaks Japanese?
You think you can change the tire yourself?
It's really nice. You should come and visit sometime.
What's the problem? Please explain.
On the left, this indicates the time required to manufacture, the cost estimate, and the financial risk.
Can you change a $10 bill?
When are we leaving?
Can you nominate some other hotels?
I want some facial powder, please.
Is the flight late?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
We visit relatives pretty much.
There's a hole in this.
We only have a size eight now.
We have coffee, tea, orange juice, etc. What do you like?
Don't bother.
I just passed.
It looks immature. Can you cook it for longer?
Can you take this bag to the cab?
I want a strong one.
Can I have some pepper, please?
No, I feel lucky.
Where can I buy my stuff?
Do you have a bigger one?
Please tell me when we get to Green Park.
Do I have to get insurance?
Can I take pictures at the museum?
What's the movie on the inside now?
Can you change this to Japanese yen?
Mickey Hayakawa. This is room seven zero two.
Yeah, I did. I went last Sunday with a friend.
This is room three zero two.
I have to stay here tonight, right? Can you help me book a room at a hotel?
Can I have some more bread?
It shouldn't be long. Fifteen minutes, mostly.
Can you help me get tickets?
Is it a fixed price for the center of the country?
I'd like to make a reservation for three at seven, please.
You see a white building?
Is this the right train route to Station X?
I'm at ABC Hotel, room six-five-eighty. Can you ask him to call me here, please?
No, thank you. That's all.
My joints hurt.
Can you tell me the value of this call?
Where's the gas station?
Okay, can you tell her I called, please? I'll call her back later.
This coffee is too heavy.
Please give me a copy of the theft report.
We have subway systems in big cities like Tokyo.
Sorry we can't, we don't have the same item.
Is there a morning tour?
Can you give me some drugs?
Sure. Walk forward to three apartment buildings. Then turn left. You'll see a nice Chinese-style gate.
The price will be ten dollars a head.
Excuse me. Can you fill it up regularly, please?
Did you look at the suspect carefully?
You change foreign currency?
Our total budget is about fifty dollars for three people.
Well, what do you think? I'd definitely like to hear your point of view.
How about you carry these shoes in for me?
That I could buy a roll of the movie?
Do you have a Japanese beer?
I'll be back here tomorrow. What are your work schedules?
Does it include a hair dryer and a hair dryer?
I want a small size swimsuit, please.
Who do you want to see?
When's the boarding time?
I want some underwear.
I'll let you know my phone number there as soon as I can.
The main course is roast beef and sea cucumber.
What route does the train to Boston take?
This is one of the best we have.
Can you make it up to me?
I want to record my luggage.
We'll eat it together, so get an extra fork, please.
Are the elderly still respected in Japan?
Is there a picture on the headphones?
The base fee is five hundred dollars and an extra fee of fifty-five dollars a month.
At the Halicolani Hotel.
Sure, ma'am. You want to wear a shoe?
This is Mrs. Kazuo in room sixteen eleven.
- Hey, hey. - Hey, hey.
Has the confirmation been repeated?
Can I see this, please?
Ice cream, please.
What kind, sir?
Is that good?
There's none of them.
Which is more important to the Japanese people, Christmas or New Year's Eve?
Your seat number is thirty-two A. Then go straight down this road. It's next to the window.
It's not gonna be so great.
Can I have two hot dogs?
Help me, please.
I wake up at six every day.
Unfortunately, we can't. It'll take more than two weeks.
Where can I find tourist information?
I understand. I'll check with our staff.
How do I get to the Empire State Building from here?
How much does it cost to rent a cell phone and a runner?
Oh, my God.
Are you getting dinner orders?
My name is Tsunayo Suzuki. Here's my reservation confirmation.
At the Ritz Hotel.
Hello. To Paris, please.
One moment, please.
A table by the window, please.
Can you show me the one by the window?
Does this medical detergent prevent sweat from draining out of the body?
Plastic bags, please.
I lost my bag.
I want to measure this high-heeled shoe.
Is the changing of the guard on today?
You can fill out the rosary at the pharmacy in the main hall.
Don't you have any smaller pills?
Sorry, but all our tables are busy. Would you like to wait?
This one's got a spark.
I need a week off, please.
I'm gonna have some ice cream.
Can we get a cigarette lighter, please?
Please turn left.
Tanaka, room one, zero, zero.
Excuse me, can I have some water?
It's too wide for me. Show me a smaller size, please.
How nice of you to say that.
Look outside. Here I come.
Can you reissue another ticket for charging only?
It'll take about an hour.
Please complete the missing data in the report.
I don't understand American English, I speak high-end English.
Five class twenty and four class fifty.
Is this a zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero?
I'll let you know where I am first.
Since yesterday.
Is there a laundry room nearby?
Can I borrow a hair dryer?
Can you get me some salt, please?
It's a gift.
I'm waiting for you to calm down.
Includes collision insurance and debt.
The number is zero three three two three four one two three four.
I'm really happy with the gift.
I better have my hand on my wallet, in case anyone tries to kidnap it.
I lost my claim card.
In the evening, it gets dark at about four and the shops close early.
Does it include the service fee?
How much do you want?
Excuse me, but can you explain these buttons?
What about that car over there, Plymouth?
Do you have ornamental pens with great designs?
Sorry, but I need someone to help me.
I'm calling from a public booth in Macy's.
If the symptoms continue, I can fill them up again.
Is there a service to Seattle from Chicago?
Does eight-and-a-half-inch paper fit in thirteen inches?
Is there a private bathroom?
I need to wrap the diapers on the shelf above the sink.
Show me some jackets that fit this.
We hope to increase sales of microcomputers in educational outlets by consolidating their use in this neglected field.
How much?
This is too big.
There's a big demand for this new computer.
Bleeding in here.
I want a place to live.
How much is the hourly waiting fee?
That's possible if you can take the early morning flight on the twenty-sixth.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have on board our flight today Japanese-speaking hosts who can be identified by the badge they wear. If you know anyone who wants help with the translation, please let us know.
Is there a particular era of art you like?
I'll have a fashion pie, please.
I want water, please.
Please check it again.
If the whole day tour includes the fisherman's dock, I'll take it.
Don't worry.
I feel not well, please give me some medicine.
Walk in a straight line along the river about half a mile. You'll get to the park.
This meat pie is too hard to chew for me.
We just ran out.
Well, they're a great youth team, and the Dodgers are coming in strong as well.
Not yet, thank you.
Please stand in the middle of our group.
No, they're too thick.
I want the clothes washed sometime today.
Clear color film, please.
Japan is the seventh most populous country in the world.
Okay, I'll send it to you in Las Vegas.
Someone tried to break into the apartment.
I'm looking for a running shirt.
It's too tight from the chest.
Can you call the insurance company?
What kind of wine do you have?
No, take number three.
It's five dollars.
Oh, thank you. I enjoyed it.
Would you like a drink from the bar?
This way, please. Take this elevator.
I'm on a job.
I'm staying at the Hilton. I'll only be here for three days.
I want a mobile TV, please.
Are there any hotels near the airport?
I want a Frankfurt sausage with flavor, please.
I feel a sudden pain in my stomach.
Call the rescue team, please.
One student ticket, please.
Please write a letter as soon as you arrive.
You better take the eight-and-a-half train.
Look, I'll pay for everything. Don't just call the police. My father's gonna kill me.
I have a seizure.
Can you wrap this up as a present?
I feel a little bit of stomach pain.
Didn't you have anything in between?
Two dollar stamps and ten twenty-cent stamps, please.
They don't eat eggs intentionally in the USA.
Where can I fix my watch?
And please tell them we'll be about thirty minutes late.
Give me ten souvenirs, please.
I'm using your iron safe.
How do I get to the restaurant?
Hurry up.
Is there a movie theater near here?
They'll be ready tomorrow, but with our special service, by tonight.
It's oyster harvesting season, so they'll be fine.
Sure, take bus number five from the Royal and drop off at Downtown Square.
Excuse me, but can you take me to the station?
You can find her at the bus station over there.
I'll ask him what's right before I call him.
Car hire department, please.
I want to see the mountains.
I want a used watch.
Is this for ladies or men?
I want to buy a new pair of glasses.
We want to release a missing baggage report.
I'll check in at exactly 8: 00 p.m.
It's late. I have to go.
Shall we stop by the store on the way back?
It'll be done by tomorrow night.
I didn't use your laundry service. Can you check again?
Turn this over to Pizetta, please.
I want tea, please.
Which do you prefer, a smoking seat or a smoking seat?
No, there isn't.
I just checked in, but I don't like the room.
Is this the last stop?
Scotch on ice, please.
No, but we have a doctor who understands Japanese very well.
- All right.
I don't know Australian sizes.
Will you dance with me?
That's all for now. How much do I owe you?
If I were you, I'd try it.
Let's call him.
The graph shows the main differences between the two types of contracts.
Is that me? Chess is a perfect game for me.
Yeah. I want to buy some souvenirs. Can you nominate me for something typical?
Is that a hot little bitch?
He's sick. Please call a doctor.
What's the most popular sport here?
What kind of TV show do you care about?
Do we lose or win a day on our way to America?
Show me the schedule, please.
Where can I take a sightseeing bus?
Yeah, I want to see the sights.
I need some speakers.
You live alone?
You'll have to wait about an hour.
How did you do it?
My camera's not working well.
I wish you a good stay.
Yeah. I bought a jacket from your store this morning. But when I came back and opened it, it was different.
How do you eat that?
Do you have a green salad?
There's a lot of tourists near the building, and they seem to be gathering to take a look at what's going on.
The whole thing. No, thank you.
Do you know any doctor who speaks Japanese?
When does the show start?
Can I pay the bills?
My hobbies are climbing mountains and playing the piano.
Thank you for your hospitality.
I can't believe I have to go back to Japan. I wish I could stay longer.
Water's leaking from above. I can't stand sitting here.
I'd recommend a masterpiece.
I'm Mrs. Maizaki in room three twenty-five. I want to call to wake up tomorrow morning.
It's famous for its beautiful ocean.
See you later.
Where can I buy a masterpiece?
Yeah, blue, red, and yellow.
Honesty is the best policy.
I'd be happy to be of use to you.
I want to fill it up at pump five, please. Take twenty dollars.
How nice to meet you.
Where can I cash some tourist checks?
Are you booking for us tomorrow night?
Can you take us to seat C nineteen and C twenty?
Could you wake me up at six, please?
I just got to buy a new car recently.
Split my hair on the left, please.
How many times does the bus to Hyde Park take off?
How much for half a day?
Do you have a Japanese-speaking guide?
I'm Kenji.
Yes, green salad, please.
I'm looking for a doctor who understands Japanese, please.
Right now and with a friend. But there's a problem. I don't have a friend yet.
Do you know any good places to see in Chicago?
Give me some medicine, please.
Well, if you both insist, I'll go with you.
I want to change my room.
I heard the announcement of flight one zero seven cancelled.
I want a rubber slipper, please.
Walk in a straight line. Milton Hotel is on the left.
Where can I get a ticket?
I want to make a reservation.
Please drive as fast as you can.
Can you replace this with another of the same type, please?
The cooking there is modest.
How many bottles of liquor do you have?
I want to get to the airport before six.
Are you planning on lowering the price to seven dollars?
I want to go shopping before we leave. Can you take care of my suitcase for a second?
You can transfer it to any bank at the airport.
I want some paper towels.
How much?
We have excellent rose wine.
- All right.
Can I speak to Mr. Jones?
What's this bill about?
You saw the game?
I want to make a paid call from the other end of Japan. I'm Watanabe Guro, room one two three. I want to talk to Mr. Watanabe Makoto on eight one four five three nine four one.
Here's your bill.
I'll try this.
No, I don't have one. I just came from Japan.
No, thanks, I'll find it myself.
I want to make a reservation for 3:30 p.m.
Does this bus go by road number five?
Our guide will meet us at the airport.
A call from person to person, please.
Nice, thank you.
She's bleeding.
I have an allergy to oysters.
Can you tell me what the TV shows are today?
What days of the week are these?
Is that a blind spot?
That's right. It'll be a good practice.
I'm sure I'll be fine soon.
I'm a teacher.
I want a paint box.
Thirty-six pictures, please.
What channels is the movie on?
Mexican food.
Here comes the bus. You better hurry.
Okay, the key to successful shopping is getting there early before the rush.
Let's make a deal.
Oh, great. We have plenty of time, then.
What's your private cocktail?
Do you have this dark green?
Twenty thousand yen, please.
Is this the gateway to American Airlines Flight 20 to Miami?
Deposit box, please.
It's too little.
Can I convert this currency to another country currency later?
Give me all your money.
My office is up here. I'd like to introduce my secretary, Ann Butler.
I want to book a seat in economy class on the plane to Chicago on Wednesday.
Please bring a suitable wine.
I want to book a room for the next three nights.
Can you open the door for me? Or can I borrow the original key?
One of these red boxes, please.
Miami is the right stop for Disneyland.
It's a little expensive.
I need a little place.
When does the bus get to the Hilton?
Am I supposed to pay for gas?
This is a lovely dish in our restaurant.
Please pay the cancellation fee at the hotel.
Nice. I'll be done at six. What about seven, then?
Well, the balance in your account is six hundred and thirty dollars.
The biggest department store is right there.
Can I get my bags at the end of the trip?
Please check it out quickly.
Do you have a nice present for my husband?
Wake me up at the meals.
Can you tell me how to use the wall clock?
To study.
Sure, here's mustard dough.
The socket's not working.
Do you see the US Airline flag number seven zero seven? You need to go there.
I got sixteen bucks for a good bullet-free type.
I have a stomachache. Can I get some medicine?
I'm looking for a crutch.
That was a favorite in the ' 40s and into the ' 60s.
I want to know my neck size.
You want more coffee?
Thief. They caught him.
The switch's broken.
We're waiting for our friends.
Can I call you? Can you give me your phone number?
Please give me some change.
This is forty percent cotton and sixty percent nylon.
I'll bet it on the red couple numbers.
Rental clubs charge $ 80 for the whole set and $ 2 for the shoes.
Three days from June 7th.
Are there tourist rentals?
Does he know I'm here?
I'm not doing anything all afternoon, but why?
I want to make a paid call from the other end to Mr. Hashimoto.
Is there a football game this weekend?
That sounds good. I'll take this, please.
Can you show me my bill, please?
They're on the other side of the magazine section.
What choices are there today?
Where can I apply for a new release?
It's a short nap. It's a little expensive.
Tabio Ozora.
I'll show you around.
We need a table in the smoking section.
I want a proton against the hair coat.
Can you help me fill out this form?
Is there a discount for tourists?
I want a sausage.
After the hair wash, I want to paint the nails.
Well, we're staying at a nice hotel called Beverly. It's on the East Side.
I'm moving on to another trip to Paris.
Don't say no ever.
You know him a long time?
In the souvenir shop by the entrance.
No, this is Tamora.
Permanent hair curls, please.
I have a 7: 00 appointment.
What's the matter?
Please, please, please.
I want to book a sleeping car on the plane to Madrid tonight.
Just walk down this street two steps away, and you'll see the Nichens Bank on the right.
She's small and smart.
Thank you, but I want to think about it.
When are you coming?
How much is a pound of this?
What happens if I agree?
What's the opera today?
My fries, please.
Do you wish I could make another deal?
My laundry hasn't come back yet.
The lady in the red dress is a champagne made primarily of strawberry cocktails and it's very refreshing.
That's helpful. Thank you. Anna, sorry, your name, please.
Was there any special character or mark on it?
By the way, are you unoccupied next Saturday?
There's another bus at twelve and a half.
Can I take a look at the jacket in the showroom?
Two glasses of cocktail, please.
Is there a restaurant that speaks Japanese?
Can you call my boyfriend in the bag? He got lost in the traffic.
I'll give you a shot.
Okay, so maybe we'll get along.
She treated me like a beggar.
My buddy got a bad stomachache.
I want cream for oily skin.
Can you nominate a tour?
About thirty minutes. Please wait in the transit hall.
Can I make a paid call from the other side to Japan?
Can you help me with this other problem, too?
Can I order a pizza delivered to my room?
Can you put lenses in this sunglasses?
I think we can get a table in thirty minutes.
Where's the nearest barber shop?
How much for the crew?
I'm coming from Germany.
Please convert this to dollars.
Do you have the fruit of the painters?
There's a nice smell coming from the grocery store.
I'll take two of these.
You show me how to make a phone call?
I bet there are drug addicts here.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
May I ask about the time to leave here?
He's out there.
What a smart dog. What breed?
My father's freaking out on planes.
I'm here with my friend. Can we sit with you?
The food is great and the people are serious at work, but TV is a boy's.
I understand. Let me check the ledger. I have an opening on Friday. Do you prefer morning or afternoon?
Thank you. Please pay at the counter there. Thank you again.
When do I get back?
Where's the administrative staff room?
It's nine.
I'm sorry. I don't have enough right now.
All right, let's do it.
Is that quartz?
I lost the fork. Please get another one.
Oh, I want toothpaste too.
Order a potato salad on the bill, please.
Air pollution is a serious problem in this city.
Do you have a break?
I feel a lump in my stomach.
Phone number is one two three five six.
Do you like fish or beef?
Please, I want a seat. I have to find a seat.
I have to get to the airport before 8: 00 a.m.
I think I met you before. I'm Kenichi Yamada of Nanotech.
Can you look at the eye test schedule, please?
We're having a nice party tomorrow. Come on, will you come?
Can I have a fuse?
Can I take a picture?
Oh, this plane is too small to carry all the luggage.
No smoking in the elevator, please.
That was fun.
I want to take a river trip.
Sure. Go straight and then turn right at the third pole. You'll find it on your right.
Please make a restaurant.
This is room three five twenty-five. The TV doesn't work.
I want two yards of this cloth, please.
Please pay the transportation fee to get there.
Which do you prefer: a dog or a cat?
I can take it.
Can you get me some ice cream, please?
I had a metal water bottle in the fridge.
Do you have a clear color film?
What's your flight number?
I have heart health problems.
Where's the sesame oil?
This is where four cars collided yesterday.
Sometimes I go golfing on weekends.
There are some points I need to think about.
I want to set an appointment at ten in the morning.
I'll make a call and schedule a cut.
You know Kathy? It's her birthday.
Can you sit there?
Do you have a painting with color?
Can I pay with tourist checks?
The headphones don't seem to work well.
What's in the movies tonight?
Can I get a new version of it?
Do you have a dark red silver back?
What's the age limit?
I want tomato juice, please.
Yeah, can you explain how to use these headphones?
How long are we allowed in?
But, hey, man, how do I know it's the real thing?
Do you know any shops where Japanese salesmen work?
Yeah, sir, some of the best people live here. People pay a tip to taxi drivers, if you know what I mean, sir.
Second grade just go, please.
I'm booked on flight five to Seattle tomorrow.
We're a little late, but don't worry.
Make sure you keep all your promises.
Where can I apply for scuba school?
You got another envelope?
I don't want hair oil, thank you.
How many days?
I didn't want that.
I understand. It looks nice. But isn't it a little expensive?
Can I buy it tax-free?
I don't have any cash for the coin-operated fund.
Did you know you didn't stop at the signal?
I can't put the luggage under the seat. Can you keep it for me, please?
How much is tonight?
My size is seven.
I'll be there about ten tonight.
My number is one two three nine zero five five.
Can you put this suitcase in the trunk of the car?
Since I've been all the way to Saville Row, I had to sew a suit.
Charge the battery, please.
April 20th.
I want to change for an afternoon trip.
Clothes, bags, shoes and stuff like that.
I'm out now. So I'll take it.
She's an eight-year-old Japanese girl.
My dad sends his regards.
Let's hurry, or we'll be late.
Is it fragile or fragile?
Please send someone upstairs to pick up my bags at six and a half.
I want a map of San Francisco and the surrounding area.
What kind of bread do you have?
Where's the elevator?
Can anybody play the piano?
I'm afraid this project is gonna fail.
Please teach me the steps.
About an hour and a half.
I'm sorry. I gave it to someone else who lives in the same room.
I chased Mary on the train, but George didn't.
All the work and no play makes Jack a boring boy.
Okay, I'll think about it.
Which station should I go down to to the Empire State Building?
The high-speed train tickets are only good for the train and the seat you booked.
Gokurosama to explain all this to me.
I haven't felt any bowel movement in three days.
Which one do I use for the next one?
What's the most popular beach for local kids?
It's all personal.
Yeah, just one bottle of coke.
The budget is less than a thousand dollars.
You prefer candy.
Isn't eating it dangerous?
This is my claim card. Can you take it back now?
Thank you. But I don't think I have time to stay for two nights. Can you book a two-bedroom for me at that hotel only on the night of March 12th?
We also buy a lot of seafood from other countries.
Things that can be broken.
Don't worry. We'll announce it.
The way to Fisherman's Pier, please.
Can you get me some tea, bread and butter? This is room two zero three four.
Can I reserve a room with two beds overlooking the ocean?
I'm craving a big beer.
It depends on whether you have something to show or not.
Okay, sir. Please put the headset on and I'll let you know when you got the call.
Printing is pretty common these days.
Would you prefer to convert this bill into smaller bills?
Manchester, please.
I'm sorry. We're not doing this.
I spilled something. Can you get me a tablecloth?
When was the last time you called?
How much is a ticket to White Plains on the North Line?
Is it a half-day tour?
Please show me the schedule.
We haven't decided yet.
I want to wash my hands. Is there a room to wash my hands in?
Do I need tickets?
There's something wrong with the car. Can you check it out?
He knows we need clothes.
Long distance call, please.
My friend tripped and twisted his ankle.
I'm sorry, but he's in a meeting now.
I'm looking for a bank. Where's the nearest one?
What kind of job?
Oh, shit. Where are we?
Good morning. How many of you are eating?
Tove the key to the card. Can I have another one, please?
I'll try some ice cream.
You have to check in ninety minutes before departure time.
I left my coat in the hotel water.
Please change this to small coins.
Looks like someone took it by mistake.
Where's the beginner class?
Do you have any different colors?
I want my radio back.
What line can I take?
Can I get a towel, please?
I'm going to take a second plane to Northwest number two three four. Where can I check in my luggage?
Can I change seats?
$ 75. I'll call you when he's ready.
Can you ask Tokyo about it?
This is room six-zero-one.
What a sight!
Please wake me up at exactly six o'clock tomorrow morning.
It looks like a high-quality piece.
Can I get your stuff?
Can I have my bill, please?
Is there a Thai restaurant near here?
Face the Thames, please.
Excuse me, will you take a picture of us?
Are there any dive sites near here?
I want a cheese-roasted sandwich with everything, fries and strawberry.
Please send this package and pay cash on delivery.
It's next to that high-rise building. So go back the same way you came until the traffic signal. Then turn left.
I'm so glad I've been eating western food since I left Tokyo.
I have to catch a plane to Los Angeles early tomorrow morning.
I want to shine this.
Please don't mention your name and hotel and phone number on this paper.
Can I set a date for Friday?
Good morning. This is a wake-up call.
I made a call.
Please tell me the way to the FBI office.
Excuse me. Can you untie this dollar? I want to make a call, but I don't have a change.
So I can confidently climb the San Francisco City Tower.
From nine in the morning to nine at night.
Can you print my name and address on the top of the letter?
I want to get insurance.
Here's my receipt.
Is the uniform required?
How much does an algae face massage cost?
Let's use a cold bag to ease the pain.
I'd like to cash the check.
How was the weather in L.A.?
It's outside the door. Go to bus stop number three. This bus will take you to the Bay View Hotel.
With this software, users will be able to create a web page in less than ten minutes.
I fell and injured my knee.
Please, show me.
Anything the painting says?
You want to buy a dress.
Why has product A kept its large market share for the past five years?
How much is the taxi to this hotel?
Where's the bathroom?
Okay, head to the passport office.
Give me two bucks.
When are you coming?
Do you have the same black one?
What time is the last train leaving?
Please drop me off at the next station.
Rental plates, please.
Yeah, we got three tennis courts behind this wing.
Does it cost me any money to get into this building?
Please take me from the station.
Do it your way.
Where should I go to class?
Please go to the fifth window.
Okay, sir, see you at seven.
There must be a math error. How much did it cost?
I want an automatic car capable of taking long distances.
Yeah, it was a little warmer yesterday.
Waiting by the side of the aisle is against the law.
And do you sell stamps?
I need a notebook.
It's about five.
The reaction to our previous model was generally good.
How about you go to Hakone with me?
Whatever you choose is fine.
Well, Miss Suzuki, you have a reservation for a plane two thirteen that leaves tomorrow at three o'clock in the evening. Please register at two.
Can I have some change?
Maybe I left it at the front desk?
Sure. They're all about three pieces. We'll book them for you.
I can't see the screen from here well.
Excuse me, but I need you to keep my passport.
Okay, we booked you.
The bill, please.
Would you like to have lunch with me?
It was so nice talking to you.
I can't find the right words.
The big difference is the feeling of emptiness.
Do you have a discount for your monthly stay?
Is this on the highway or in town?
There was an armed robbery.
Are you staying for three nights as planned?
I'm looking for something stylish.
Can you call me back?
I'd like to send a telegram.
When do I have to pay the bill and leave?
Yeah, for groups of ten or more, a drink for three dollars.
Here's your pass. Please go to gate fourteen when he calls for the flight.
I wounded one of my hands with a piece of glass.
Don't bother me.
It's really good.
I haven't got my bags yet.
Well, that's hard to say. It depends on the highway. You know there's a lot of traffic at this time of day.
Can you show me how to eat that?
I want roast pork.
We're out of gas.
The window's blocked.
Can I try the next big size?
Please fill out this form. Where are we taking it after we get it back?
I met you when you visited our office in Tokyo last year.
Which side of Union Square is it on?
Are you staying at the Wany Hotel?
Can you explain to me how to run it?
Can I have some fish and some rolls?
Can you suggest me a good restaurant?
How long does it take?
Half an ounce of Chanel number five, please.
Please turn on the counter.
I've never seen a bright color like that.
Can I buy some stomach medicine?
I didn't ask for that.
Excuse me, where can I wash my hands?
How about some coffee?
Hi, I lost my credit card. Please cancel the old card and issue me a new one.
I want to check my bags.
I want a one-way ticket to S-station, please.
What's the price of the room?
Please follow him. He'll wash your hair with shampoo.
Can I have a plastic bag?
I have three suitcases.
Can I get your name and phone number?
I know that. The taste of Japanese sweets is a little different from ours.
Can you send a Qatar truck to a hundred Minto roads?
Do I need a ticket?
This is my family.
Is there a problem moving to another seat?
How long will it take?
I'm going near the post office anyway.
Okay. That's really bad. Now, what about this one that refers to a simple operation? You just have to put the film cartridge in here and press the shutter.
Can you arrange for me to sit with my wife?
Hot water burned my hand.
I'd like to send a telegram.
That's because decisions are made collectively.
Get down these stairs and follow the signal.
Do you have any local beers?
Can you stop here?
If you buy two, how much will one cost you?
Yeah, this one.
Where can I get a ride to Grandlord?
Room with bathroom and shower.
I'm looking for an umbrella.
International phone call, please.
Twenty-eight dollars? What about fifteen dollars?
Would you like some tea?
God bless you.
I want a table by the window, please.
What's the service cost, anyway?
Do you accept traveler's checks here?
How long is it from here?
Cream and sugar?
The person in charge is not here right now.
Key, please, room eleven and sixteen.
Are there any discounts for the participating members?
I want a simple camera, please.
Is that my original?
Do you mind pulling my campaign from behind?
I need you to take an X-ray.
Do you know of another place nearby that accepts the Japanese yen?
Why are these boxers so expensive?
The battery's empty. Can I borrow your phone?
A stomach medicine, please.
I got a bottle of juice but I didn't get any leftover.
I like folk music.
Can I see that one in the cafeteria?
Is there a super-speed train at nine and a half?
Let me check the brake fluid and the engine. Your car's engine looks like it's about to stop.
It wasn't my fault.
Hello, Samaritans.
Do you have any fresh fruit?
I'll have the rest of the night.
Where's the dining room?
About three and a half million yen.
Send it by registered mail, please.
Do you have any tranquilizers at his hotel?
Okay, can I take a shower today?
The other end is on the line.
Give me nine, five, one, four, one and the rest is a change.
The Japanese love to do business in groups.
Let's meet today.
What time is it in Tokyo?
We have to understand.
I want to buy a couch, please.
I'm looking for affordable souvenirs.
Battery Park, please, but can you stop at Union Square?
We'll get it back to you soon.
Sorry, I can't. I can only stop at the hotels on that list.
I appreciate that, but...
No electricity.
I'll call the police.
What kind of room do you want?
To the right or to the north?
Give me a dollar.
What's the gate number?
Will each of us be held accountable for his drinks alone?
Sign, please.
Is that Pier Six?
It's a little bit rough, but I think you'll like it.
Anywhere from thirty to fifty dollars a night.
I'd like a glass of cold water.
Please fix this.
Is it dangerous to go to Soho?
Ticket to Detroit, please.
When it comes to music, no one can play forty-two. The theater is so crowded every day that no one can get a single ticket.
Can you take my bags down, please?
On New Year's Day, on special occasions like weddings, awards ceremonies, or at a funeral.
More recovery, please.
I appreciate that, but I'm having a hard time carrying my bags. Can you just dry them up and keep them?
We're interested in archaeology.
Can you get me a glass of water?
Call the police.
She's coming.
Shoulder length, please.
Can I see the program and the price list?
Of course. I'll give you our business card.
Do you have any other forms?
Your boarding gate number seventeen.
The twenty-ninth of April marks the birthday of Emperor Xuan, the father of the current emperor. People celebrate this day under the name of the Green Day.
Why don't you give her a present?
How much does it cost to send a postcard to Japan by air mail?
You gonna take me to the disco with you?
Yeah, it's a memorial tower: one of the most famous buildings in town.
Do you have any movies?
Excuse me. Is this the right way to the First National Bank?
I'd like to use a safety deposit box.
Start a fight.
Do you have any special discounts?
I have 20 years of experience in this field.
Which movie do you recommend?
I'm staying at the Hilton Seaside Hotel. You know, I need that bag if it's got all my clothes on it.
Here's twenty dollars and give me two dollars, please.
You've been implicitly critical of me.
Take this exit over there and turn right, please.
I'm sorry. I asked for the wrong number.
Do you know how to get to him?
The line's busy.
Where's the barbershop?
I can come in at two.
Can I see another one?
Where's the stairs?
Okay, do you have any plants or food?
Are these the bags for the JAL Zero One flight?
It's definitely. Hi. Let's go to the beach.
This is my first trip to Paris.
Can you estimate the cost before you start working on it?
Is this the same way as the building?
It looks glamorous.
I'm Katsuhiko Nakano. Any messages for me?
Anyway, can I book the same flight because there's a place for you?
Can I change my booking now?
Come on, please.
The name is Suzuki.
My name is Yosuke Tanaka, and I'm calling from the airport now.
Is she mature?
Our camping trip should be fun.
When are we going to board the boat?
I don't mean any harm.
Where's the lobby?
One of my bags got damaged. Where do I go to get compensation?
It's too loud.
Can you drop our bags down, please?
We don't have a bag for that kind of quantity, so I'm gonna put it in this big plastic bag.
I'd like to play tennis.
There's pineapple juice, orange and tomatoes.
The left side of this hallway next to the elevator.
Please bring me a bottle of beer. And this is a beer if it's a beer.
Oh, that reminds me, there's a great cafe near here with nice classical music.
I want my car.
What's going on in the concert hall today?
Sure. Can I have your phone number if you need it?
No. Actually, because of the high prices, I have to live in the house in Queens and have to travel by train for a two-hour trip.
I think we are. Now, we have only one point left to discuss. How many months each party should give to the other as notice in the event of termination.
I want two tickets for next Saturday afternoon.
I'm kind of overgrown.
Is it a romance novel?
I play for fun and use it in my work too.
When does the bus leave for Oxford?
I want the United Airlines number, please.
I'm sorry I kept you waiting, your room number is ninety-nine. Here's the key.
It's a delicious wine. Is it a local product?
Sure. Do you have a certain color in your mind?
I feel a little bit weird.
Where's the rest of the luggage?
How about another movie?
Can I see your passport and ticket?
I need some toilet paper?
Japanese people don't change jobs often.
Please change the traveler's check to cash.
I'm calling Tokyo three seven six five four three two one.
Can I get an appointment tomorrow?
This is an old stone written in old letters.
What trip am I taking next?
It's taking off at eight-five in the morning from San Francisco.
This is your room, sir. Where do I put your bags?
Please, I want to take the same class tomorrow.
Excuse me, I think you're sitting in my seat. What's your seat number?
Could you put your bags on the table, please?
We consider Washington DC the center of global politics.
Okay, I'll tell her to fill in the blanks.
The name is Okada. We have a reservation at seven.
- I'm not?
Where are you planning to stay in L.A.?
In the subway.
And then the pollution problem will drop, too, won't it?
What's the bus number?
It doesn't matter.
Unfortunately, our engineer, Mr. Akayama, had to leave early for another meeting.
Do you have a rental or transfer service?
Maybe I'll give you a better answer than that in two shows.
I want a birthday present.
There's no soap in the bathroom.
I'd rather it be automatic.
Six bills for ten dollars, eight bills for one dollar, the rest for four.
Take the bus from the outside.
It's yours.
I want white bread, please.
Where's the water cycle?
What musical plays are on display right now?
Thank you for your presentation today.
Do you have a public phone?
He'll be there in a minute.
About one thousand five hundred Australian dollars and fifty thousand yen.
Is there a doctor here?
Is it appropriate for me to take a trip like that?
My reservation number is six and twenty-nine and seventy.
Do you have a mirror?
I want to take the next flight to Boston.
Sorry, but I'm getting you off my way. Can you help me?
I'll take this, please.
This is the price menu, please.
It is. Please stay here. I'll go get a cab.
Please give me the chocolate chip cookies.
I'm in my early 30s.
I want to buy lipstick. I want pink.
That didn't cause any problems at all.
Wait here until I get back.
Please tell Mr. Thomas I'm staying at the Hilton.
Where's the nearest used-wear market?
You can't bring fireworks to Canada.
No, you have to buy a souvenir from that vending machine.
What a great cook your wife is.
You need any help?
Is this the new course?
Can you book me a taxi at six tomorrow morning, please?
What do you like with your main course?
Sorry, but I feel tired.
I'd like to emphasize the price.
If I want to make an international call from my room, will there be an extra charge?
I think so.
I'd like to call this number. Can you help me?
Can you tell me about the bus or train to the city center?
I would like to make an international call to Japan, please.
Do I need a jacket?
I need you to do me a favor.
It's in the basket near the toaster.
I should taste anything that has alcohol.
I'm getting ready for college entrance exams.
Cream and sugar, please.
It's cold, isn't it?
Can you suggest some nice places to stroll in this town?
There's a casino in this town.
I'm hungry.
Here's your bill. Cash or credit card?
Would you like a whiskey with soda and brandy, please?
What's the delivery fee?
Is there a boutique near here?
I can't swim. I need a life jacket.
Two hot dogs to walk around.
We have to go.
This place is just right, isn't it?
I came for it now.
Turn right at the platform.
Well, your senior year is your fourth year of college after first grade and then second and third.
I want a private lesson.
Freeze.
Excuse me, it'll be ready in five minutes.
When can I come and see him?
Do you have a wine list?
My foot hurts.
I prefer it. This one, please.
They also have a huge collection of Shakespeare's plays, don't they?
When's the World Cup?
I'm glad you came.
Garson, please.
I'd like to book a swimming boat.
Do you have any ideas how to straighten my hair?
Do you have a map of this area?
I had a sore throat in my sleep?
Do you want a small, medium or large plate of fried foods?
Where's the most vibrant part of this carnival?
Is there a mailbox near here?
Yeah, no problem. Can I see your passport?
Oh, that's very kind of you. Can I open it?
Go up the slope. You'll run into a three-way road. Then turn left.
Can I see the full statement?
I want a movie with thirty-six pictures, please.
They'll tell you what bus to take.
Sure. This way, please.
I'm going to have a Lingwin pasta.
Make it a paid call by the receiver.
I rarely speak. But speaking and understanding are two different things. For example, I know the word " stranger, " but I can't tell you about the line for strangers.
Well, you only have one adult ticket.
Take one tablet with a glass of water.
How's your family?
Well, you'll get a hundred and sixty dollars.
I don't have any money.
Where are the children's books?
There's no phone booth near here.
Well, about fifteen minutes on foot.
Can you pick me up from Boston Station?
Yes, she's here. Who's speaking, please?
When do I have to be at the station?
There are a lot of restaurants near here.
What's the temperature now?
My pocket was holed up.
A lot of them work and a few go for a walk.
Do you have a car wash?
Next to the deposit room.
Put your money where it's good for you.
Please register my name.
Where do I have to put this?
Can you point me to some nice places I can visit?
It's a pleasure to talk to you.
Hello, Carol Brown speaking. Can I speak to Susan?
Is there an afternoon tour?
First, take the Cho line. Where do I have to change trains?
I've passed the station. What do I do?
When are you leaving the plane?
I'm with my friends.
Do you have a room with a great view?
Can you tell me how to get to the post office?
I enjoyed my stay.
The beach is down right. What a beautiful view.
I want a view.
Please take a picture of the building from the back.
Thank you for waiting, Mr. McGuire. Here it is. Go ahead, please.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
Do you have any ID card pictures?
I think a big box would be a bit expensive.
Good evening, I want to apply for a visa.
It's too loose.
Let's see, this probably costs a hundred and eighty dollars.
Seven, please.
I'm in a lot of pain.
I want to send this to the laundry room. When will it be ready?
Hey, I haven't seen you in a long time.
Can I come in?
I have tourism insurance.
Mostly Europe.
Is the American Express good?
Did you pay your hotel bill?
Looks like the toilet's blocked.
I'd like to deposit this on my account.
I took off my pants.
Does that include meals?
Sit down, please.
I'm leaving on Friday the 29th and coming back on Sunday.
What time is it in Japan?
It's interesting.
If you want a one-day service, you'll add fifty percent to your bill. Is that good?
Yeah. Someone else's luggage just moved into my room. Could you check it out, please?
We'll take the three middle seats in this class.
Do you have any suggestions?
I hear you.
We don't have any in the warehouse. We can order them for you.
Can I see this one, please?
Put it in one of the big bags in the dressing room. Please make a cleaning request for the items you want to be cleaned.
Can you explain it further?
I work in television.
Can I start the trip with this ticket?
Which one lasts longer?
How much did you pay for it?
I'm lucky to know you.
Did you rest in your sleep?
There's a Mickey Mouse poster on it.
Can I see something else?
That's great.
Can you press the window shutter button?
We want a room overlooking the beach.
Okay, I don't know what to say.
Are there any other flights available today? I must be in L.A. tonight.
Two keys, please?
I need a light.
I don't think it's impossible. We know this is important, and we'll be ready to investigate once we have a reasonable marketing plan for you.
At the end of the hallway.
What part of Canada are you from?
It's so hot. Today, let's go swimming.
My nose is big and prominent.
I want my watch fixed.
Is there a bus to town after the game?
I'd like to add that to my room rate.
No, I'm not going to New York.
Can you get me a bottle of spray?
I have a hard time losing my friend's character on the way.
Could you give me ten dollar bills for these ten?
I left the camera in the room.
I want a camera cover?
Can you share a snack?
When does the movie start?
I'd like to get some letter papers.
Put your hands up.
Can I have a copy of the police report, please?
I think you should follow a diet. You're not doing enough exercise these days, are you?
Oh, how we would love to.
Can I put my bags in here?
A little further away from the neck.
Can we leave our luggage with you while we go shopping?
Yeah, it might rain this afternoon.
You're in the corporate tax law department.
Are we going by bus?
Is there a snack section?
Did you say you were leaving for Tokyo tomorrow?
Sure. It's fresh and fresh, first of all. Since we sell in a deal style, it'll be a winning deal if you buy it today. One for only $ 50 cents.
Let me sleep till nine.
Average length, please.
How do you use it?
It's right over there.
I have to move to a one-zero-zero air conditioner. Is that possible?
I'd like to dive with a scuba instructor.
Can you please change my room?
Let me check. What if it leaves at 7:40?
Could you please get me to the inside number three zero three?
How's playing with you these days?
I feel tight in my chest.
Where's the bus stop to Santa Monica?
This is a souvenir I'm taking with me to Japan.
My aunt is a little bit of a bit of a freak.
Can you help me, please?
I feel a pain in my stomach.
Where can I buy a national costume?
Where's the lost luggage section?
Do you have any shirts?
No problem. If you come on September 5th, you can enjoy a science film show because we have a special open day on the first Friday of every month.
Do you have any other tour?
Show me a good bar, please.
I'll take a slice of beef from the waist, and a roasted lamb for my wife.
It's a severe pain from worm excess inflammation with tear. You need to go to the hospital right away.
Full coverage, please.
Okay, five percent off. Would you agree?
Now, what are we gonna make for dinner today?
I'll think about it.
Do you accept tourist checks?
This must be yours. The cab driver left it this morning.
I'm going to Paris.
Do you have one of these?
It's not the latest, is it?
This is the mall that just got finished.
I can pay three hundred dollars a month.
His scheduled time is 8:30 p.m. local time.
Can you tow my car to the next gas station?
I want to cool the injured part with ice cubes.
When are you gonna have seats available?
No, I'll call to answer it.
I want a car.
Have you had any previous cases of allergies?
There's a ride to Liberty Island from Battery Park.
Is there room to leave the coats?
Help me. I can't move.
Non-smoking car, please.
Please type your permanent address.
We're ready to meet any requests you may want right away.
I'm not eating.
I want to buy what I need. Will you pay me back?
Are there any supermarkets near here?
The guy at the front desk is so rude.
A less expensive hotel is best if it's in a safe area.
Show us this building, please.
Okay, I want a medium-sized slice, and rice balls.
I have two glasses of cognac.
What does that look like?
On the first day, the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki hold commemorative ceremonies, while on the second day the current emperor attends prayer for the souls of the dead in war.
Excuse me, what should I write here?
He's on the twelfth floor. Take the elevator, please.
Can you give me the prescription for that?
Is there any other option?
Please ask the porter.
I have the flu.
Does it have a bathroom?
There he is, uh, he's on the other end of town, a mile up the block.
Okay, you're all ready. Now your new flight number is zero zero three, you're leaving on June 17th.
I want to go through the tax exemption.
What do you want for lunch, beef, chicken or fish?
My wallet was stolen from me in the subway.
I want to see the one in the display window, please.
Let me read it a number a number, one, zero, chapter, seven, nine, four.
Business degree, non-smoking seat, please.
Is this bus going to the city center?
He doesn't live here anymore.
Don't you have a cheaper room?
It's a good place for snacks, isn't it?
Where's my electric hair dryer plug?
My old car isn't running well.
I'd like some grapes.
Let's call all the people involved in this deal right away.
I'm flexible. What do you want?
No way. We're on vacation. I refuse to sit in a hotel room and watch baseball on TV. I want to go to a play.
What are you doing?
Nurse, get in here fast.
There's no towel.
As long as we can get there an hour early, I'd be okay with paying a little more.
The surplus is decreasing.
I asked for the wrong number.
I want something that won't make me tired.
Can I touch it?
I'd like to try something a little smaller.
Oh, how kind of you and how sensitive you are. Can I open it right away?
Where's the bus stop?
I can give you a Chevy Spectrum for forty-two dollars a week, for unlimited distances.
- Dry battery for this camera, please.
Please lead me to this address.
Can you turn this twenty-dollar bill into twenty one-dollar bills?
I need to find a hotel. Where's the information desk?
Can you come over here and fix it?
I booked seats by the window.
Room service, please.
Turn right, you'll find one about a mile ahead.
I want some synthetic fibers.
My name is Taro Tanaka. I have a reservation.
I made a reservation from August 24 to August 27. Can I change my reservation from August 5 to August 27?
Oh, thank you. I don't think I can. Can I come back again?
About five hundred francs or a hundred dollars.
I want some cleaning cream.
What other varieties?
Give me some tobacco.
It's the south side.
There's a beautiful building.
I want a long sleeve dress.
Please register it on my credit card and number two eight seven three five nine eight four and the expiration date is May one thousand nine hundred and five ninety.
I would like a room as beautiful as possible, please.
One CD of a black and white film, please. Twenty pictures.
I'd like a lens, please.
My bag was stolen.
Can you talk a little slow, please?
Please, I want it to look like Ryan's Mag.
I want almost a five-pound bill, please.
Can you hold my bags till five?
Where should I get a permit?
We've met by chance a few times, haven't we?
We've done a thorough survey of the clients'needs.
Why don't we meet for lunch tomorrow?
I want some sportswear, please.
Where's the Greyhound office?
I can't find my bags?
It's already 8: 00 p.m. So why is it still light up like that?
Isn't there a less expensive place?
Would you like to cancel the insurance?
Can you hold my bags for me till the time of departure?
Excuse me, sir, can you tell me the nearest bank?
What floor?
Thank you so much.
Can I take another look at the menu?
Where can I get a train schedule?
Excuse me, can you tell me when the train leaves Boston?
Can you give me a discount?
They still have signs of disease and facial pale.
Since you live in New York, you should not miss some of the great sights and landmarks, like the Statue of Liberty on Liberty Island.
Which do you prefer: air or sea transmission?
Did you cash a hundred dollars bill?
This is the Central Park, right?
I'm calling the pawn.
We can get it for you at three o'clock, and if you need to rent some equipment, please come to the clubhouse at three o'clock but quarter.
The bus fare is one hundred and eighty yen.
I got hit by a car and fell to the ground.
My breakfast hasn't arrived yet, please bring it for me now.
Where can I have breakfast? When is it prepared?
Yesterday I went to Notre Dame, and today I'm going to the Louvre.
Can you pass me the pepper, please?
Thank you so much for helping me on my trip to the United States of America.
Where's the luggage area?
Can you keep this bag until 4: 00?
I want to fix it after I get back to Japan.
Do you have any sewing machines?
How many?
Strawberries, please.
I'm from Holland.
My flashlight burned.
Mount Fuji is the highest mountain peak in Japan with an elevation of 3,700 meters.
No, not yet. There's a lot to choose from.
I feel a stomach upset.
I want some evening cream for the skin.
I'm a farmer.
There's only a driver on the bus, unattended.
I'd like to tie this dress.
Excuse me, can you get your seat a little closer?
It's a lovely day, isn't it?
It's between the bakery and the butcher's shop.
Give it up. Is that all you got?
I understand. Please edit this form first, and tell me about the color, size and contents of your wallet.
Do you have a street map?
Please send this by sea to Japan.
Come on over here!
Can you shorten the sleeves?
I'm afraid there's no golf course here.
Can I have a postcard?
I took a cold medicine I bought from Japan this morning.
Can you show me the second ring on the left?
I'd like to reserve a seat.
Aren't you asking him to call me?
How long will it take to get from here to the Tower of London?
Which gateway leads to plane twelve to Washington?
Can I cook for myself?
Could you please wear necklaces?
When can I wake up?
Can you open the trunk? I'd like to put my bag in it.
I tried to make an international call. Did it work for you before?
How much for an hour?
Can I have two gift boxes?
I'm looking for a non-stick cooking pan.
What's in this package?
Looks like the baseball game's been postponed.
That's wrong.
Do you have this in blue?
I don't know this building, but this is definitely the right way to County O'Hara.
Can I buy some from here?
Can you take me to Professor Murray's room?
I want a seat on United Flight 92 to New York City.
When's the next show?
How much is my phone call?
Is it a discounted transfer ticket to Dover?
It says, " No traffic. "
Do you have another smaller one?
Please release a message with something missing.
A wallet and a camera.
I'm from Japan.
Yeah, it's, because you can see the flag in front of the post office.
I don't think so. You better take a bus.
I'll look. I'm afraid I won't find your name.
Excuse me, is Hormuz Street near here?
Can you serve me right now?
I think something's wrong. Can you arrange for us to stay?
It's a visa and its number: four nine zero eight one five one two three six seven seven six zero four.
Can you turn these negatives into pictures?
Do I have to bring a coat with me?
It's not far. It's a ten-minute walk.
You're definitely going to send them, aren't you?
Which do you prefer: coffee or tea?
How much would it cost to get there?
I'd like to make a phone call using a credit card.
Where do I have to put these travel bags?
Is there a swimming pool here?
Can I have this envelope?
It's definitely a rockhead. Do you like that?
I want my own to go.
It takes time to prepare, but it's one of our most famous products.
It'll take about two or three days.
Can you tell me how to get to San Francisco?
Can I have some other headphones, because these don't work well?
How about a coffee or something?
I'm headed to Mexico.
That sounds like a good thing with only one exception.
I want eggs, please.
Just a glass of water, please.
I have it. We'll pay for it to your address.
These days, I use the computer all the time at work.
Continental breakfast, please.
Are there any student discounts?
Okay, I got it. I'll come to you.
I need a strong electric light, please.
The number you asked for is not available.
What's your penalty?
Oh, take it by all means, great. Now I'm fixing the window.
When will the plane arrive in Rome?
No, that's enough.
We need more time to decide.
Can I have a blanket and a pillow?
Can you come here as soon as you can, please?
A cup of coffee, please.
I ordered a little baby meal.
Look for a crout for a landscape that reflects the nature of the Hawaiian Islands.
Seventy-second street.
If you go through here, you'll be out of the way.
Can you narrow the middle area down by a centimeter?
Switch, please.
I'll check the next room. Maybe there's someone speaking Japanese English.
Please deduct it from my credit card, and it's a master card.
Your passport, your landing card, and customs receipt, please.
Can I walk?
I'll be back in a minute.
Yes, Terayama, and I'd like my seat as close to the stage as possible, please.
Can you think what I should say to him?
Is there a bathroom nearby?
I'm the same age.
It was a great evening, thank you.
Can I move to another empty seat? I can't see the display screen well through this seat.
Fire alarm is on.
I'd like to take a tour of San Francisco Bay.
Do you have any idea where you're going?
Can't you get me some coffee?
No, pay the driver.
What are the store hours?
We'd like a table in the corner.
I'm not sure, but I can't resist the smell of meat. All I ask for is some pickles.
Three hundred and fifty dollars? That's over my budget.
I think there's an extra error.
I'd like to go skiing for about a week. Do you have any skiing offers?
They're playing two symphonies for Mozart.
We'll keep looking, and when we find her, we'll let you know.
Really, the weather is great today.
Please, two adults and two children under twelve.
Please explain so I can be convinced.
I want a disc for these cameras, please.
We don't have any religious holidays.
How much luggage can I carry?
If we don't need this, I can think we've reached a conclusion, I'll send it to our board tomorrow morning.
But it doesn't work.
Can I see this bag, please?
Wow, wait a minute. You haven't practiced this in Japan yet.
I paid three hundred and twenty dollars on the open market.
Can you get that pencil under the chair?
I'll pay for my friends, too.
Do you know if there are any cheap hotels?
It took me five years to get here.
What is the Japanese yen for the US dollar?
Can you get me a pound of shrimp salad?
Is there a cafe or restaurant in the building?
Oh, the price is too high.
The express is on Pier Eight.
I'm in a hurry right now.
Shit. Shit.
Suzuki is talking.
There's a change in where I put my watch while I was out.
How long does it take to get there by bus?
We booked you a room at the hotel.
The drain is blocked by the waste.
Yeah, I think I should go now.
Hey, I'm on my way over. Meet me in about fifteen minutes.
Good morning. Did you rest in your sleep?
Did you already make a reservation?
What do you plan to do after school?
My bag was stolen in the street.
Did you have any other services besides breakfast this morning?
I'm going on a short trip to Mexico.
What floor are the ladies'clothes in?
Can you give me a ticket to change buses?
The rope is worn.
What's the secret to this slow service?
Look down there.
There are so many of them, I don't know which one to pick.
How do I make a phone call?
I'm interested in jeans and a suit.
We have different sizes.
I got a wrong bus. Can I get a ticket to change the bus?
I don't know.
How can I take the bus to Beverly Hills?
Let's meet in my room.
Do you have any residential drugs?
What other companies are doing well?
Talk and keep a secret.
Are there any sightseeing buses?
Please exclude the sea ears from our order. It's too expensive.
So, I'll pay you three hundred dollars worth of tourist checks.
I made Phils cry as soon as he heard the news.
I'd like a cup of white coffee, please.
I'm going to New York, Chicago, New Orleans, and Los Angeles.
Where's the pharmacy?
Is the Sheraton Hotel nearby?
I hope you're not too tired.
Show me your ride card.
Please don't pull my leg.
Oh, I'm not sure I agree with that way of thinking.
Just hot water.
That would be good. Can I see her, please?
I want some sodas, please.
She's leaving on April 20th, and she's coming back on April 21st. Is that right?
Will you exchange US dollars for British pounds?
Which do you prefer, meat or chicken?
I'd like to have Chinese for dinner.
Can you recommend a good hotel?
I want to rent a car like this for two days.
Waitress, can you get me the bill, please?
We'd like you to come see us again, please.
I have a mild fever. Do you have anything good to treat her?
I'm going to take a picture of Jack Daniels.
I want a bag of popcorn, please.
One ticket to Bird, please.
Really. It looks like a natural tree growing. People enjoy the scenery.
I'll introduce you to my family doctor.
I've never been to a nice place like Boston.
I left something in the room. Can I go back and check it out?
Can I pay the tourist checks?
One of my skateboards fell off.
I can't believe smoking's illegal in the passenger lounge.
I want to rent a little car.
This room is so cold.
Can I have a map of the cliffs?
We don't bring any presents to the party, and instead the guests bring cash.
You can step right here into the showcase.
I'd like to send it by mail.
Can you tell me where to change the money?
I'll buy it if I cut the price a little bit more.
I put a lot of salt in it.
You're my angel. Thank you so much.
- Fifty bucks?
The dining room is on the first floor and is open at five and a half.
Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to the Vermont Hotel?
How many packs of milk do you buy a week?
Is this taxi available?
What is the international phone number in America?
Can you explain it again?
What time is the bank?
Can you change my flight from London to Tokyo?
We need three more dollars.
Where, missing persons, please.
We'd like to have fun with a unique sport on the West Coast.
The plane was late for heavy snow.
Just can I pay the difference from the ticket I have?
Yeah, I am. Why are you asking?
By registered mail, please.
The main food in Japan is rice.
We need to cut the budget.
Yeah, I want a bottle of red wine.
Oh, no. It is. Is this all I got?
We'd like a table near the window.
To go to the conference.
This is room number eleven-zero-two. Can you get me some beer?
Oh, that's nice. I'll try this.
Yeah, of course there are nice restaurants. Some people eat their food on handcars, others eat lunch at the office. Basically, we don't spend much time eating lunch.
Let's move on to the next topic.
Unripe food at lunch is probably unwelcome.
Could you please give her some air conditioning medication?
I can't explain my condition in English.
The bill, please?
Just for fun.
Please, can you get a message?
Did you use the fridge?
Can I have my bags back?
There's blood in my brazilian.
Sorry, but I can't go with you.
And I'd like you to join us, if you don't mind.
May I help you, madam?
Yeah, in the dining room and the barbecue.
My name is Yukiyo Okha, flight one two five to Narita on August 14th.
I want a souvenir for my son.
They must be really rich no matter how they look.
Sorry, I can't follow you. Could you speak more slowly, please?
Two bucks for a pound, right?
Ishiro Suzuki.
Can someone else help you with this?
Yeah, before you leave, can you tell me about your impressions of Japan?
Excuse me, can you tell me when my pictures are ready?
I've got Marvin Dorfler on the line. Can I get him on the phone?
What can I show you?
I gave you a hundred dollar bill.
What do you think of this problem, George?
In this case, you don't have to fill one.
Is it all right if I untie my seat belt?
I'm from Colorado. What part of Japan are you from?
Sure. We were very busy yesterday, but the place is empty today. When is your plane going to take off?
Can I take some pictures?
I paid cash right away.
Please call the manager.
Where are we gonna meet?
Say it again, please.
I want a card game.
How much is the electricity tariff for Japan?
One hundred.
My buddy has a stroke.
I'm getting hungry. Can you set the table?
Can you give me a certificate of theft?
Please put it in this brown paper bag.
I can't decide.
She's been helping me since I came here.
How do I do it?
I lost my wallet and my room key on the beach.
The number of the flight is HB eighty-nine, heading to Tokyo on March 11th.
Can I have another plate like this?
Are you here for your honeymoon?
Let's go. Can you put a food fork in the bag?
Can we camp above your land?
If anything happens, please contact me.
Do you have another one?
Dark paint, please.
Please bring breakfast to my room at seven tomorrow morning.
How many times does it happen?
I'd like to send this letter by registered mail.
I'll be thirty minutes late. Please postpone my check-in.
I want it in a napkin and a heel, please.
Excuse me. Can you show me the way to the train station, please?
Don't you think I'll need a lead?
Can I get to the concert hall at 6: 00?
Sorry, but we're gonna have to keep it.
I'm looking for a blindfold shade.
Do I have to order breakfast right now?
Maintenance worker will be up right now.
Sorry. I'll be back later.
I already paid when I bought my ticket.
Yeah, you can.
When do you start your duty-free sales?
Sorry to keep you waiting. I'll go up to your room with you.
It's a dollar. You have to have the right change.
Your room is on the third floor, number three seven fifty.
There's no running hot water.
I want an English-Japanese dictionary.
Hey, I got a reservation.
Please show me your bags.
Bring it in quickly. Please. I'm in a hurry.
But where? Don't you know any barbershops near here?
Check this out at the end of the line, please.
Change this to cash, please.
I have a cigarette case.
Do I need to announce this?
How do I get rid of her?
Did he cook on the second floor too?
There is a regular boat service from Kobe to the ports of Shikoku and Kyushu.
Please change this.
Are there any seats available for Thursday's flight?
Would you please explain this in more detail?
When it dries, take it off your face.
How long will it take to shave my hair?
I want an address book, please.
I want my psyche back.
Excuse me, can I pass?
I want to sit down now.
About an hour after takeoff. We're starting serving meals during the flight.
I have a first-class reservation for flight one one three coming from Los Angeles to New York on October 25th.
This offer is valid for fourteen days, so you can use it until the twenty-third.
It's not polite to make a noise while chewing food.
I poured the soup.
I came to study at a language school.
No, I'm sorry.
How much is the taxi ride to the Art Museum?
I'm a little late. Is everything okay?
Do you have any fruit or vegetables?
Yeah, you can see it clearly, because it's clean today.
Please tell me how to fill out the landing card.
Can I book a tennis court here?
Is there a beauty salon around here?
What bus should take me to the Skyway Hotel?
Can you show me your main credit card and driver's license?
No, I don't have that much money.
I think my car is worth about five thousand dollars.
Yeah, I'll buy champagne with the food stove.
Isn't there a public phone booth anywhere around here?
Take this after every meal three times a day.
There's a new pizza place near here and I'd like to try it.
Can you look for Anne of Green Gables in a booklet?
Okay, don't bother. We have a nurse who understands Japanese.
Is this low-calorie food?
I don't like that.
Mr. Albert was a great help.
It's synthetic silk, so it can be washed.
I got cold.
Please explain in simpler terms.
What bus should I take to the station?
I want to change my order, if I can.
Let me ask if one of our other stores has this in the warehouse.
Yeah, it is. But you'll have to turn left at the third traffic signal and continue down that street until you get to Route Six and Sixty.
Where can I find a limo?
I'd like to release a police report.
Six nights starting on July 23rd. Is that okay?
When does the tide peak?
My bags are too heavy. Can you help me?
Can I leave it in Seattle?
I want a glass of water to take some medicine, please.
Show me another one, please.
Can I order a pillow?
I want to go fishing. Is there a good spot near here?
To conduct research on American history at Harvard.
Better not buy big things?
Can you get me some pepper, please?
Nice weather, isn't it?
How do I buy tickets to the Broadway show?
Where can I find my bags?
I'm looking for my mom's scarf. She's sixty.
I'd be so grateful if you could take me to the beach.
I'll take six percent of the price.
You work here?
I'd like to pay for the call.
How do I tell the driver if I want to get off the bus?
Sorry. I called the wrong number. This is Tankyocha Press Agency.
Can I reserve two rooms for two instead of one double?
The total price is five dollars and thirty cents.
I'm moving to L.A. Are you on time?
I'm calling the frequency one, two, three.
We'll pay the bill and leave.
Can I have a glass of water?
It takes about thirty minutes.
Which way do I go to Mr. Mason's office?
A hundred bucks in cash on my credit card.
How much is each?
Currency markets are unstable.
I plan to drive around Provence tomorrow.
I want to rent a boat for a day.
It's about forty feet to the bottom.
Looks like he's half-mature.
I'll pay cash, but let me read it, please. What are these fees for?
It's a candy.
We just finished a meal and now they're making a second one.
I'll take at least ninety-nine hours.
Sometimes he makes a short visit to see us.
Where's the mirror?
How do I open the car's engine lid?
I left something in the room.
I want a liver sausage, please.
Use the vending machine.
Hair and shampoo story, please.
I want to rent some clubs.
How many hours before we start?
You've been confirmed again.
Please take this to the taxi stand.
What is the total percentage of all applicable taxes?
It's been a long time since I've seen you.
Book for the golf course, please.
I'll take some trouble.
Please put some bright dyes on my hair.
What kind of music is that?
Can you give me a ride?
We have a nurse who understands Japanese.
Do you have a nasal decongestant?
Can you take me to the hospital?
No, I have no authorization.
Here's fifty dollars if you get in trouble.
The main dining room will open at eight and close at ten.
Can we release a check?
Please give your child this medicine to drink, one dose after each meal.
This model is available in sizes eight twenty, one thirty-five thirty centimetres.
How do you feel? It's made in Switzerland and it's fashionable here.
What kind of batteries do you use?
I want a children's book, please.
I'm sorry, but I want to cancel the reservation.
Sorry, I don't like her.
What's there to see in this part of town?
Books and booklets.
- I'm on my way.
It's over two buildings. It's right in the corner.
Where's the folk disco?
This hotel on the top of the hill has a nice view of the city, doesn't it?
How much should I spend?
I'd like to watch a pro baseball game.
Please call me an ambulance.
Oh, it looks like a lottery.
Well, I must have forgotten.
This is my business card. I'm responsible for importing furniture from Japan.
My colleague, Mr. Takimi, suggested I invite you.
I have another connection that day.
How do I get back?
See you Monday.
Do you have this in green?
I'm new here.
I miss my wine.
I'm an insurance agent.
What kind of appetizers do you eat?
- Sure. - What?
Some inevitable work has appeared.
The terms of the contract are clear, but I don't understand the next point.
Yeah, some of our rooms overlook a park, but they're too expensive.
Why, then, must have fallen out of my pocket.
Can I use your phone?
Do you have a weekly stay discount?
I paid my whole bill.
It smells nice. How much?
I'd like to book a tennis court for an hour tomorrow.
I want to re-confirm my trip to Chicago on the seventeenth.
Do you have any tennis racks for rent?
No, we came here last year.
Can you describe the person?
I kind of ate a lot.
Can I speak to Mrs. Brown?
Please let me.
This house looks comfortable to live in, doesn't it?
I don't want it for that price.
- It's fun.
Okay, I'll send our engineer to your room.
I'm allergic to the following.
Yeah, I did the right thing. Can I see your driver's license, please?
You've been a great help to us today.
I want to book for Northwest Airlines on flight zero eight six at five.
I'm sorry, but I didn't hear you clearly. Can you turn around?
It's normal.
Can I have your son's name?
My wallet, passport and other personal belongings.
Do you have any ice cream?
It's weird, but I can speak English better when I'm drunk.
I told you you had a fax for me.
By saying they're super-careful in their choices, you mean they always think economically.
How does that look to you?
I'm shaking.
When are you closing?
The wound's inflamed.
I want to re-release it.
Are you sure you didn't book under Suzuki's name?
I can't open the door.
Kabuki is a traditional Japanese performing arts.
What's the best?
I want to make an appointment for a haircut.
Can you give me a bigger room?
Give me a little dog bag, please.
I plan to stay for twelve days.
Can you please hold my bags for another two hours?
We better find the original United Airlines counter now.
Can I see the schedule?
Wait a minute. I might have left it in the lounge.
Mr. Giro Yamada? Confirm your reservation for this flight, which leaves at 7:35 a.m. from Chicago.
I'm looking for a skirt.
What other colors?
What's the best way to enjoy the city?
Four stations.
Change my room, please.
Is there a place for missing items at the station?
That's exactly what I was gonna say.
Yeah, I think so.
Can I transfer this ticket?
Do you mind if we make it a one-year contract instead of a two-year one?
Your house is big. How many rooms?
Let me think about it, please.
Can I explain this?
Will the hotel send a car to pick us up?
We enjoyed dinner.
A sandwich of eggs and salad to go.
Can you tell me about some hotels for under fifty pounds a night?
Can you make me a seat any time Tuesday morning?
I prefer a front seat.
Can you put my luggage in the trunk, please?
Is it an outdoor pool or a lounge?
Can you tell me the bus number for Santa Monica?
Okay, and you?
I want cream sometime.
But if the light doesn't work, you can't change it.
I understand, but I can't say it.
I can't find your reservation, but we have a room.
Thirty-six minutes today, but usually at five-thirty.
I want a pencil, please.
I'll cut 20 percent off the price.
I'll look for another taxi.
Is there a mailbox near here?
It's hot, isn't it?
I'd like to go to Broadway.
Do you have a map of the ski slopes?
Oh, yeah, please. I hope they don't get sea turkey.
Take care of the house, please.
Well, it's not too bad.
I can't find the way to the station.
It's two and fifty dollars.
It's at the end of this street.
Can I have some change?
Can I use the flash?
Thank you very much. Leave this view as it is.
To Tokyo, please.
Especially with regard to the design of the Mercury project, I can't decide without you.
Can I get my gear on now?
I'm gonna buy this slide.
It's time to show friendship and share it.
I'd like some meat.
To your health.
My jacket is wet, so please dry it.
Are these old ships still sailing?
Please join us for lunch.
What's our estimated arrival time?
Something went into my left ear.
What time do you think you're gonna check in, sir?
By the way, how do you test the software?
Do you have anything to announce?
I got a bruise.
Are the banks open on Saturday?
How rich are the tours?
Can you suggest a good store for leather bags?
Is that lipstick?
A lot of American baseball players play in Japan.
I'm leaving early tomorrow, so I'd like to pay now.
Where can I get the textbooks?
Can I have some honey?
We only show one ring at a time.
Can I use the Visa card?
I want to try a traditional dish for this area?
Can I have room service?
Can I make an appointment?
Unsweetened wine, please.
I had a car accident.
I started working for this company only two months ago.
When do we meet?
I made a call to Tokyo and they said they didn't want it.
The TV's not working.
Smoking-restricted seat, please.
Where can I fill this out?
Can I have a local?
I would like to change my seat to Shiatsu. Is that possible?
I'm a vegetarian, I don't eat meat.
I'll have a cup of tea.
Can you take the fastest way? I'm late for a date.
I have a rough throat.
We'd like to try fish here.
I wish you a safe journey.
Don't you have anything better?
Diet coke with ice, please.
Sleeping at any of our stations is free.
It's delicious.
You should go and see Nara and Kyoto. Nara preserves the atmosphere of ancient Japan with ancient Buddhist temples and Shinto shrines. Deer and their children are having fun in their gardens.
Please bring my luggage to my room.
The word " face " has many different meanings in English like pretence, makeup powder, dignity, surface and so on.
Please include some small change.
Please put your stuff outside the room.
Leave two intersections and turn right.
My key is broken.
I'd like a Japanese-English dictionary.
I had a good time here.
Is this bus going to the center of town?
Please avoid the following.
Sales have been steadily rising since the product entered the market.
Will the tour guide take me from the hotel?
When should I be at the gate?
He's busy right now.
What's the fastest? We don't have much time.
Please give me a minute to sort this out.
Is that all included in the bill?
We'd like a plate of sausage, salad, and a bottle of wine, please. Bring two cups, please.
Hey, I want to drive now.
What's the bus number to Piccadilly Circus?
This comes with a lifetime guarantee.
Can you fix it, please?
I didn't get my authority.
Can foreigners get books in the library?
Take bus number one and get off at the third stop.
Can anyone here try out the A.B.?
I don't think this came from Japan.
Get me a little bottle of frozen mineral water, please.
Please show me some so-called educational games.
I want a belt.
Can I stay in my room till 2:00 p.m.?
I'll think about it.
I totally agree. Let's go to the canned food store across the street.
Egg-stained.
I'm sorry, sir. All rooms are reserved.
The call to Japan has been delivered. Come on, please.
Here's the guide. It should be here.
I have a tumor.
Ha-ha. Good morning. It's your turn. It's okay.
Are you sure? Please check again.
I'd like some A.S.A. for this camera, please.
Can I have a Japanese guide?
How much is the bag?
I want to take the flight tomorrow.
Thanks for the great dinner.
Please change the lenses. Can you fix them while I wait?
Go ahead over there, she's on your right.
Where are Monet's drawings?
I can't keep any food in my stomach.
Can you stand here because I want to take some pictures?
Go to the Grand Canyon.
Please take an X-ray.
I'm looking for a present for my mom.
Pizza is delicious. Who made it?
Can you book two tickets?
I was attacked.
Is it a smoking table or not?
We call it Mount B. It's about twenty miles from here.
Do you like tomato sauce or mustard sauce?
What's the taste of this dish?
It's on the first floor, the end of this road.
Is there a boy to collect the balls?
- To Las Vegas? - What?
They're expensive, too.
When does the next train leave for Boston?
Does that take a mastercard?
I plan on learning golf.
Can guests enter the ballroom without paying extra?
Do any of the trips have guides who speak Japanese?
I don't have a copy of my plane ticket.
In a separate booklet called Common Background Information, which is in the collection available, you'll find a more detailed explanation.
How long are you gonna be late?
When do you open and when do you close?
Can you get me some potatoes, please? It's too cold in this room.
Hello. By the way, is there a coin phone nearby?
Please give me another drink.
You want to explain it to the phone operator?
Can you put it by the window, please?
It's a courthouse here.
I got some laundry.
What a good surfer.
Where's the palace?
Can I have a menu?
A seat in the front, please.
Please come back ten minutes after two.
Well, one of my bags didn't show.
Is there a round-the-clock tour?
Can I make a reservation at 9:30, please?
How much do you charge?
We need two tickets to San Diego, please.
It's a ninety-nine minute walk from here.
I'm afraid the sleeves are too short.
For what it's worth.
I'm from Yokohama, Japan.
A seat by the window, please. I want to sit with my daughter.
Can you explain to me how to make a long-distance call?
Born in one thousand nine hundred and eighty.
Here's the change. Seventy-nine dollars eighty-nine dollars ninety-nine dollars a hundred dollars.
Do you have a vest with a bracelet?
Can you show me how to put gas?
No, it's not my camera.
Does the hotel charge breakfast?
Is that it?
The TV's off.
When was the last bus to Pimlico?
It's at the end of this road.
I have a sea turtle. Can I get some medicine?
Five hours and thirty minutes.
This is room seven seven forty. What kind of cocktail do you serve?
It's right down the road.
Please don't do that.
Women are wearing their clothes.
Well, how about this? This half-day trip gets you back here exactly at one.
Is this laundry?
Please take me to the person in charge of the accounts.
Are the tickets available?
Do you have any other contracts with unique designs?
Why don't we go around these people?
Can you tell me where we're going on tour?
You should go to the hospital for a general examination.
Can you give me a different room, please?
Where's the nearest music store?
I'd like to put my collection in the safe deposit box.
I think that's my seat.
Put your hands up.
When does this store close?
When's the first train to Oxford?
How long is room service available?
Do you have an English newspaper?
Couple of sticks, please.
I'd prefer a blue one, if you have one.
She'll be fine in a minute.
I plan to see the sights and visit some old friends.
Please start the counter.
What's your diagnosis?
I'd like to show my ear.
The vault is over there.
Why is the train so late?
Do I have to wear a tie?
Name and room number?
I have a level type.
We're interested in religion.
No problem at all. Where should we take her?
I, too. We walked a lot today.
I have an idea.
We'll charge the battery and clean the windshield.
A table on the balcony, please.
Fifty percent off the price of the book?
What's the last time to log in?
A little more from the back.
Please make this bridge in the background.
Do you have any good souvenirs?
The rain turned to snow.
My room is too cold.
We have breakfast at seven every morning except on weekends.
I have to see a doctor tomorrow morning.
Please fasten your seat belt and refrain from smoking until after takeoff?
I want to call Japan.
I hope I lose some weight after all this.
I'm going to Melbourne.
Do you have any tours with guides who speak Japanese?
It's cold this morning.
Excuse me, but what intersection are we at right now?
I forgot about it when I was shopping about ten minutes ago.
Can I go in jeans and a pair of shoes?
I'd like some bananas?
My shoulders were tight, weren't they?
Well, what kind of food do you like?
Is that for you to go?
Is there a bar nearby?
Excuse me. Can you tell me where I can take the subway?
How are you? I'm Ashiru Tanaka.
How much is the extra fare for the high-speed train?
If they're all duty-free, I'll take one carton of c.
It depends on the type of tour. One-day excursion to Yosemite is thirty dollars, the most common. Yosemite is three hundred and fifty kilometers away.
What line goes to Santa Barbara?
I don't want a tomato sauce.
I'll get back to you when you're less busy.
Do you have a bigger one?
Take whatever you want. Just don't shoot.
I feel better.
I want to watch a football game.
Do you have a private room tonight?
Actually, we have discounts on the blouses now.
Can you suggest any good one-day trips?
My tourist checks are in US dollars.
Can you call my friend?
Are you familiar with the geography of Japan?
Where can I buy tickets?
Is the equipment included?
Can we have some bread, please?
Please show me where I am on this map.
One hundred percent cotton.
Let me see. Yeah, we have a room available.
Hi, Tanaka. I'm glad you're here. Where are you staying?
Is there anyone here who can speak English?
Yeah, I gotta go now. I hope to see you again soon.
It's six thirty.
This is my first visit.
Where's the nearest laundry?
Quiet room, please.
I got good grades last year.
What's so great about her.
I want that display in the display window.
Is there one bigger?
I haven't checked yet. But I think I have a high fever.
What's your complaint?
It's starting to snow.
I'd like to change to a room overlooking the ocean. Is there any extra charge?
This is room seven zero two. Please give me a wake-up call at exactly seven tomorrow morning.
Don't work too hard.
Oh, no, I know it was a mistake. I'm going back to Japan as a poor man.
Is this the right train to Chicago?
I heard the weather forecast. It's supposed to stop snowing sometime tomorrow.
How much is half a day's rent for a painting?
Can I wait here?
I write Japanese poems as a hobby.
Is there a safe place to store my bags?
Do you have a family foe ratio?
The tenth of November.
Where's a good place to buy souvenirs?
I'd like a tape for the typewriter.
It's the old-age pay system.
Please lie down there.
Can we go to Tickie Point tomorrow?
There's a slight chance of snow falling.
Can you draw me a map?
It's really good.
The slot machines seem so easy, okay, what about roulette? You just have to put your chips or money on the number you bet on first.
I bet there's a bigger set to choose from in the pharmacy.
When are we taking off?
How did you know when you wanted to get off?
It's too expensive for me. Show me a cheaper one, please.
This is the international telephone operator.
I'm learning English.
This car goes to Paris, right?
Please deposit five dollars and twenty-five cents for the next three minutes.
I'd like a camera, please.
How high is the dive platform?
Are you gonna rent a golf cart?
Please distribute the landing cards.
Twenty-four dollars. Do you want more?
I booked in Tokyo a month ago.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Can I make an appointment today?
It's a little tight around the stomach.
How can I get to the city center?
It's just like you say.
I've never had a meal before. I'd like to now.
Good morning. How many?
I don't have much time.
Should I come down here to Rockefeller Center?
Okay, I'll see you around.
Can I withdraw three hundred dollars with a visa card?
How do you like a glass of whiskey?
Can I look after her?
I have a period.
You have to cash your tourist checks at the bank.
Please bring my luggage to the room.
I haven't booked a seat for my return yet.
Which one's the newest color?
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
How long does it take to get to Philadelphia?
You'll visit all the sights of San Francisco in a forty-nine-mile drive.
It's great.
Can I stay here and see her?
Can you make an appointment with me?
Are there any seats for tonight?
Please clean this coat.
I'd like to rent a motor boat.
I broke my glasses.
Your shoes don't match the color of your dress.
Put it here, please.
This is an automatic one. We have this kind of quartz watch, sir. It's waterproof and shockproof.
Just a decoration, please.
When's the next train to Oxford?
I'd like to book it.
Can I call France directly from here?
How long do you fix this?
I want to change my bookings.
Can you get us a cab?
Where's the ladies'room?
What about the hamburger experiment?
Is everything all right?
Is there a limousine for ABC?
When are you getting the car back on Friday?
Coffee is not counted.
What line to Madison Square?
I'll call you back later.
Sorry, I didn't understand what you said.
A kilo is a gram for a dollar.
Can I take her on a shovel?
I don't know how to use the phone, please show me.
What field was he in before?
My destination is London.
Oh, I'm afraid time isn't enough.
What bus should I take?
Damn it. Damn it. Damn it. She's grown used to her face.
I'd like some cleaning cream.
Welcome back and welcome to the top 40 American songs.
Which one's better?
Do I have to pay the extra fee when I get into a building?
How long before the shoots bloom into flowers?
Hello, your partner is on the line. Come on, please.
I'd like to speak to Ms. Nomoto, in room five zero one.
So you'll be interested in seeing the theater from the inside.
The shadow column shows our company sales figures last year.
I hope you can visit the beautiful tourist spots in the United States soon.
Westminster Abbey.
My buddy's got a high fever.
My wound hurts.
He's on the seventh floor. Take the elevator at the end of the hallway.
I'll be waiting for you.
I put my purse, my book, and my camera in my bag.
I usually go to bed around ten, and I sleep straight.
Where's the station?
He was tall and blond.
Civilization flourished, with activities such as kabuki plays, yukiyo paintings, literature and pottery became popular.
Is there a Dunhill near here?
One hundred and twenty million people on a land area of three hundred and eighty thousand square kilometers?
A ticket to and from Miami, please.
Can you tell me where the nearest bank is?
I'd like a ticket for an adult, please.
My name is Watanabe Guru.
So how much does it cost to send the letter?
Pepper, please.
Can you get me the bill?
Well, the dentist I'm going to is very good.
The light's not working.
I want something for the cough.
I have a scratch.
Okay, this is your room.
Three days.
Cross the bridge over there, and you'll find the library on your left hand.
How long before the next train arrives?
Can I have a medicine?
Can I have your signature here, please?
Isn't there a cafeteria nearby?
The number is five six seven eight one two three four.
Please, sir, we can land any minute. Can you take your seat?
Yokohama is close to Tokyo.
I'd like a candidate, please.
What can I do?
Is there anyone who speaks Japanese in the store?
Who's at the end of this line?
Can I have a guide map, please?
I can't hear you.
I'm about an hour late. You're leaving at seventeen.
The number is one two three four five six seven eight.
The water won't get hot enough.
In Hokkaido, you can't play golf for about six months because it's cold.
Are you gonna sell them separately?
I'd like to leave a day early.
Please help me find a guide who speaks Japanese.
It starts at nine.
You're lucky. All the stores have discounts right now. You can buy at a discount.
Wait a minute. I'll get a pen.
I don't want a big one.
There'll be a slight delay.
Oh, I don't know. What about McDonald's? We have those in Japan, but...
I'd like to return this.
Is there a bus leaving this evening?
How can I go to the museum?
Sorry, I just completed my next flight.
Mr. Goodman would be really impressed with her.
Yeah, I think I'll have eggs, sausage, toast and fresh fruit.
What's the difference between these hotels?
The rent is due on the last day of every month.
That's not the right size.
Pakistan flight seven-zero-eight is September 5th.
Something's wrong with my bathroom.
What are the local products of this area?
I missed my station.
My bag hasn't come in yet. Can you find out what happened to her, please?
You look hot on the phone.
It's a Canon single-lens reflex camera.
What's the name of the castle?
It was great.
Is there a bus from the airport to the city?
Can you tell me the name again?
I'll be there about six o'clock.
So get off the next station and take the bus to Hyde Park.
I'm sorry, we don't offer this. You can buy it at the pharmacy on the first floor.
I'd like a seat down the hallway, please.
Do you have anything for a little longer?
What do you want to drink?
I'd like to order the same order.
Where are Barnes and Nobles?
Very. Especially since I slept during dinner last night. By the way, can you tell me how to get to the British Museum?
Please call nine on this phone.
When does the store close?
My flight was late, and I missed the delivery.
The completion date is nineteen March ninety-nine.
Can you cancel my seat reservation?
I'd like some chips.
I'll go there too.
Very interesting.
I want a bathroom.
Can I say it?
How was she?
I don't know, sir. Do you speak English? Do you speak English?
I hope it's beautiful.
The line's busy.
Yes, sir, exactly eleven.
Can I make an appointment for Friday?
I have to make a call. Is that possible?
No, I don't smoke. No, no. No, no. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Are the beginners not good?
I need them today.
I'd like to rent your car for a week.
This dress doesn't fit me.
Can you tell me where my seat is?
Are there any good casinos?
What plane arrives early in New York City?
Where did you leave it?
This is pen money. A hundred dollars bill.
Please exchange this French currency for cash.
Where's the ladies'room?
There's no place to put my stage bags.
Be free to use makeup before you leave.
Don't worry. It's not far from town.
Here's your joke.
Okay, so why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?
He made me an offer.
Does this half-day trip offer a Japanese speaking service?
Where can I get on the boat?
How much a day?
Yeah, we did.
Well, you can take the Grey Line air shuttle or the Cary Airport Express.
My friend's hurt.
If you make it a little less, I'll buy it.
You look healthy.
Is this store open tomorrow?
Where's the fish tank?
I'd like to stay here for another two days.
Yeah, I'm looking for a present for my sister.
Please clean these clothes.
Where can I buy a Japanese newspaper?
What's the big problem with this ocean?
Can I swim here?
What about the top?
Yeah, is that what you left behind?
Yeah, you can watch movies on HBO, and they're free.
How can I go to Hollywood?
I'll take a room for fifteen dollars.
I'm sure I made a reservation.
Do you have a laundry service?
I think my leg broke.
It's all the way to the end of the hallway.
Can you shake my shorts?
This comes with a salad and a choice between fries or fries.
You speak like a poet, Mr. Etta.
Are there any sights to see here?
Is there a sleeping car on the train?
I hope you didn't leave Donny.
Let's eat outside together.
How much for two days?
Where can I buy a brick?
I'm going to Memphis.
Which pier is the train to New York leaving from?
I'd like to make a reservation for Rome.
Ladies and gentlemen, Captain George Cohen and his crew welcome you on United Airlines Flight eight-zero-zero to New York. If you need anything during the flight, just ask and we'll be happy to help.
Green.
You'd better call the missing and found section.
Can I have your phone number, please?
Can you see if there's another flight available?
No, we'll be here for three days, then we'll go to New York and New Orleans.
I have a permit for Orel and a Russian visa.
May I speak to Mrs. Karui Watanabe in room eight twelve?
Do you have any more drinks?
This dress is linen.
Sorry. I have a headache. Do you have any medication?
Please put a film wrapper in this camera.
American high school students don't have to think hard.
I'd like to take this with me.
I got it. This is mine. I belong at the interior design center.
What bus do I take to Hyde Park?
This beer is tasteless.
I can't sell these without a booklet.
Yeah, you are.
We'd like to be at the same table.
Can I reserve five seats in the same class?
There's not enough toilet paper.
I think that might not be true. Can you check it out?
Can you lend me the cable, please?
He'll be back next week.
My mother died.
I'd like some Portuguese wine.
Take me to the hospital.
Oh, my God.
Do you have these bright colors?
I want a pencil.
Can I have some lemon for tea, please?
Can I have a delivery, please?
Nice to see you, too. Is this your first time in America?
Can you replace this high-leg shoe with a smaller one?
Is anyone sitting here?
My bags are three kilos too heavy.
Which car does better?
I think it's too expensive. Don't you have a more reasonable price?
I'm leaving early tomorrow morning.
Do you sell duty-free goods on board?
Who directed the movie?
Summer here isn't bad?
I want to buy this.
Follow the sign that says taxi.
Yeah, you're right in the middle of Fifth Avenue. Where do you want to go?
You're not taking a discount no matter what you try.
Why did you do that?
My delivery was stolen, too.
I'm afraid we're not offering it. But I'm sure you'll enjoy our own food.
Can you open this bag, please?
Seven and thirty minutes.
Okay. It's eleven o'clock, so my watch's back at ten, right?
I want to make a long-distance call to the Hilton Hotel in Boston.
Well, the Rimington might be good.
It takes about an hour and a half.
Can I have another glass of water?
Let me see this.
Where's the exchange?
Please wait. I'll ask Mr. Aimee if he'll take the call.
Can we get you there in ten minutes?
This curry is hot.
Do the ladies accept this?
I have a problem with the bag I bought yesterday.
Do you have any allergies to medication?
Yeah, we got black and brown.
I want to watch a football game with a high level of art. Where can I buy a ticket?
Be careful, the ceiling's low.
I'm sorry. I didn't follow you. Can you talk slower so I can understand you?
Five twenty, ten ten, and the rest one dollar, please.
How can I get to the fountain of Columbus?
Please give me something good for my lips. They cracked because of the cold wind.
I can't see the screen very well from here. Can I change seats for a while?
Are there any local specialties?
Don't worry. This dog won't bite you.
Yeah, the dolphins are so pretty.
How many times do you work?
My ribs are cut.
Where are the life jackets?
Walk in this straight direction for four blocks. Turn left on the signal.
Can you send this to Japan?
I left my wallet in your place.
How do you like this one?
Is there a flight to Sydney?
Can I continue my flight from tomorrow?
Is this the baggage claim area of British Airways One Two Three?
I'm leaving at seven tomorrow morning.
We're gonna have to get back together soon.
I visited the Great Lakes for the first time.
Yeah, I'll have a whiskey and soda with the side dishes.
Please sound the alarm.
Sure. Let me put this bag in. Where are you going?
What's special about this restaurant?
Sorry, I'm not allowed in.
Do you have anything more modern?
Where can I buy cryptocurrencies?
Are you going to change a check in US dollars to French francs?
Let's meet tomorrow.
Why don't we do all these things together?
Can I dive when the sea is rough?
There's something wrong with this ventilator.
Please continue until customs there. Good stay.
Show me the new models, please.
Do you have a medical thermometer?
The shoes are too tight.
On the ninth of last month.
Okay, three class twenty, three class ten, two class five.
I'd like to try some Japanese food. Cook some for me.
I need a good one.
Can I move into this complex?
Yeah, we have a lot of fun.
What about a party?
I'm looking for my luggage.
My plans have changed. I'd rather stay three nights than two.
Oh, thank you. Betty, can you come, please?
How many political parties?
Your car's by the side of the road.
How long have you been in the UK?
Is there any mail for me?
Sub-number three six seven, please.
Can I keep going?
Please be more careful in the future.
A lover of artistic creativity like you will probably enjoy unconventional oil paintings and street music performances.
Hello, I want to call Tokyo.
Yeah, but would you leave the light luggage on the shelf over your head?
This is green tea.
Do you have a ticket?
I want lemon juice, please.
Do you accept Japanese money?
My buddy was crossing the street at the green light.
Do you have one that's dark blue?
Can you help me with the luggage?
Uh, thank you, Miss Stacy. I really made Anne these feathers herself.
How many nights are you staying?
We'd like coffee after dinner, please.
They're eager to see the latest fashion on TV and in magazines.
How much time?
I'll have hot dog and cola.
Call a doctor fast, please.
I want a children's book.
This is the external link manager.
Where's the British Airways liaison office?
What are they eating at the next table?
I want a room for two.
Can you tell me where I can find canned vegetables?
Do you have a list of the weekly hourly rate?
A stranger offered to take a picture of me, and I gave him my camera.
Oh. We finally got to New York. Now we have to take the subway to get to the village. Don't we need to buy a subway map?
You can see a white building, right?
How do I get to the ABC Center?
Do you have Dom Perrinon?
Which way to the Grass Hotel?
Please take two tablets after each meal.
Could you talk slowly?
How long have you been here?
Can you open your bag?
Room service, please. Room number is ten fifteen.
Sex on the beach for girls over there.
I want a seat near the pitch on the first base line, please.
I have nothing to announce.
How much is it?
A little more coffee, please.
Do we have time to see the exhibition from the inside?
Where's the fancy shop?
All seats are already booked, but you can get a ticket to the game if you want to stand.
Please prepare a report of theft.
You think I could try to paint my nails myself?
All right, here we go.
Please tell me where to call you.
Look, it's huge, right? I'll get you a bag to carry the rest of the food later.
Do you have a newspaper?
I want a map of the bus route.
I really like movies to make me cry.
Do you have anything broader?
Is there a canned food store near here?
Please send this by air mail.
My hotel manager, Mr. Hilton, gave me his name.
Can you make it thirty pounds?
Tell me when I should come back here.
From 6: 00 to 10: 00.
Two hamburgers.
Please show me a cheaper one.
A darker color, please.
Where are you calling from?
I've been in charge of individuals for a while, so I'm particularly interested in talking to people.
We have to wait this long?
Will the train leave on time?
Can you fill out the form?
I want to dive in a shallow, well-lit location.
Oh, that's so bad. Maybe another time after that.
Do you have any Japanese brochures? I want a brochure, please.
What, you have to pay taxes when you have more than three bottles of alcohol?
My punishment hasn't come yet.
Can I have another one?
My friend is very sick. Can you call a doctor, please?
It would be great if they knew all this about Japan.
About three hundred fairies, please.
Are there any tours that include a disco bar?
I want a hamburger and fries and lemon juice.
Put your hands up.
It's so beautiful.
Thank you very much. Have a good trip.
What's the price of the tour?
What's the cost if I leave the car?
I broke my leg.
I want a hair clip.
Now, I'm gonna open your hole in the steam.
Excuse me, can I come in here?
Can I get a ticket to the ballroom here?
I don't know much about wine.
We can't sell anything without a license.
Did you order your baby's baby bed?
Can you call me in the morning, please?
Look for a souvenir for a friend of mine.
On her way, sir.
I want the puzzle of the sliced pictures.
Cash or credit card?
I want to take a bus to see the sights.
I want to rent two bikes, please.
How much does it cost to airlift this thing?
There's a gas station two blocks from here.
Where can I find the mystery department?
I want to sit next to my friend.
Please give me this. What do you call it?
The Japanese don't take long vacations.
Where does this road lead?
When did you get sick?
I can't buy one that's expensive like this.
Walk in a straight line on this street about three hundred meters.
I feel like someone is staring at me. Is it rare to see a Japanese person?
Of course not. Why do you say so?
Which way is the central post office?
No, I did it all myself. It's one of my hobbies. I just love gardening.
That way, I'll pay for it in dollars and yen.
Where's the Greyhound bus stop in this town?
I want a bowel filler.
This hanging car will take you to the hotel.
Please send this a recorder. How much is the total cost?
Press nine for the outside line, then eight one for Japan, three for Tokyo, then the phone number.
Aren't Japanese restaurants in Kyoto expensive, though?
I'll put my bags away right away.
Can I take her back to another city?
How far is it from here to the hotel?
I'll stay three nights.
Shut up and give me your money.
I think that's a little high for me.
We have a double room with a bathroom for $ 85.
We serve sandwiches and drinks from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m.
I'm leaving early tonight.
Bye and call me tomorrow.
Can you cancel my booking?
You're in a state of extreme exhaustion.
Where do I change trains?
I want the price of the book.
I want two eggshells with pork, fries, toast and coffee.
Yes, please. Is this a Japanese movie?
I haven't seen him in a while.
It's colder than usual this year, but it's not cold enough to snow.
What happens if we don't find her?
Where can I buy a subway ticket?
We might have a table available at about nine.
Two squares, then first left?
What, you mean the Japanese eat these things?
Where can I get knives and spikes?
Oh, you're right. That's really good. I'll check and come back tomorrow.
I'm gonna take business class seats, right?
I want a colored shampoo.
That's him.
Sure, I'll get it right away.
Right now. Can you give me some money so I can buy some essentials?
How long will she be working?
How much is the taxi fare from this hotel to the station?
I want to send this to Japan as soon as possible.
Well, yes and no.
What kind of toys do you keep as England souvenirs?
Can I have this and this, please?
I want a travel basket.
Kyushu is a large island in southern Japan.
Forty-two.
I'm sorry. Again, please.
What's the service fee?
I want some fruit juice.
I came to see a Japanese friend of mine.
- Great. - What?
What's your job?
I want a seat in front of me.
What kind of pain?
I'm sorry I made a mistake. What kind of scotch do you like?
They say Japan is a very rich country.
I want to take a tour where I can learn gardening.
Would you like a drink before dinner?
Are there any empty rooms in the sleeping car?
I want shampoo and a hair dryer.
Does this train stop in Bath?
What's the procedure for examining this item?
Can you cut it down to twenty dollars, please?
Please stop and wait until I take a picture of Waterloo Bridge.
I have a room with two single beds.
This is a gift for a friend.
I broke this when I pulled it out of the box.
A seat reserved, please.
Can I see the room?
And we expect some rain tonight.
I want some hot milk, please.
I want a camera lamp.
I'm sorry, but I didn't drink anything. Please correct my account.
Please eat with this sauce.
Would you like to take out the BAA, the BIC, waive compensation and liability insurance?
Can I take a tour now?
Where's the music hall?
The snow makes the road slip.
Congratulations on your 50th wedding anniversary.
I can't find my camera.
Anything wrong with the twist?
I'll make a sandwich of pork chops.
I want a hundred dollars in change, please.
I love the scenery.
Blue is very popular this year.
In winter, we have snowfall in the northern part of Japan and in the mountainous regions.
Sorry, I can't find my camera.
Can you please see if I've come in?
Do you have anything else for $ 80?
I'm a little worried about if I can dive well.
Let me get the balls.
Yeah, I want to rent a car.
Excuse me, but is the seat reserved?
That'll do.
What are you doing?!
Do you have anything to announce?
Did you see a blue coat? I put it on this chair.
We moved so fast we couldn't take pictures.
Okay, I will.
I wish I could either get a teaching job or get a master's in psychology.
I'm looking for some cream. My skin is too greasy.
It's been a pleasure talking to you.
Can you get me a Japanese magazine?
Salad, please.
You got a full day tour?
Do you have the voices?
An international call to Japan.
No, please bring her in thirty minutes.
Are the buses cheap?
Yeah, I'll make sure he gets this.
Street two and thirty.
Okay, do we have two tickets?
What time is the second plane to Paris?
Please put your luggage under this seat.
There's a flower shop down the road.
What's the point of your trip?
I want a chocolate mold.
Do you have any fruit juice?
There's something wrong with the flashlight.
I'm from Tokyo.
I need some laundry to remove the rifflon cream.
I got some laundry.
I'd like to book a double room from tomorrow to Monday.
A wave of my hair, please.
Does that include service charges?
Great, I'd like to come.
Can I continue my journey?
Show me a cheaper one, please.
That's too expensive. Show me something cheaper, please.
Yeah, a bottle of beer, please.
I think we're running out of time.
Can you check it again, please?
Come on, hurry up.
I ordered it a long time ago.
I'd like to change my booking.
Yeah, there's one in that hotel.
Date of departure, please.
Where do I have to change trains to San Diego?
It was kind of you to come in when you're so busy.
I don't know about that snake skin.
I understand. Sit down.
My grandfather had a heart attack last night.
Okay, can you give me the date and flight number?
Can I have another fork?
When does the show end?
When can we have dinner?
I'm afraid it's too much to ask.
Weather is volatile. Please fasten your seat belts.
I'm used to it. I still do it occasionally to keep my skill.
Who is this lady?
My side is Tokyo.
Could you please send a door to my room at six in the morning?
Yeah, I'm a tourist.
We'll have to get you through another city.
Can I step in our way?
The first time was mid-October.
Where can I get leather bags?
I'm allergic to the pill.
I want fish and chips, please.
Do you have a flight to Tokyo on Friday?
I'll have a hot chocolate.
We can arrange for your rooms to be cleaned.
No, I didn't see anyone around me.
A pack of cigarettes, please.
I need a police report to insure me. When will it be issued?
A little car, please. What's the daily rent?
Not at all. Even a little kid wouldn't have a problem answering it.
Yeah, that's good.
You want me to run through this again?
He's the last person to lie.
This is for you. Can you kiss it?
Can I see the wine list, please?
What kind of work?
Hi. Sorry. He's in a meeting now.
I want to go to the museum. Which buses should I take?
Okay, I'll take two, please.
Thanks for taking me with you.
I need a doctor right away.
Special, please.
Excuse me. I'd like to go to the Bronx Zoo. What's the best way to get there?
How much does it cost to go to the C-hotel?
We'll let you know as soon as we find him.
Do you know of a disco that girls can go to safely?
How long is luggage allowed on this trip?
Here, it's free.
Monday.
Passport and customs declaration form, please. Is there anything to show?
Is there something you'd like to see?
Please leave them out of your room tomorrow morning.
Wait in front of the information desk, please.
I want a radio watch, please.
He's a long way from home.
About a month, sir.
Is there a car wash?
There's a buzzer in the front right door.
Do they serve meals?
Can I pay in German marks too?
What is the minimum voting age in Japan?
Can I get a multi-use ticket?
It's pure wool?
Can I call you back?
I'd like to reserve a table for two at seven, please.
When does it open and when does it close?
I want some night cream.
Can you wrap this up as a present?
No, thanks. I can't. Actually, I'm involved with someone.
What station do I have to change to go to Soho?
I want a strong cold medicine.
Is the uniform official?
It's three and a quarter.
Can you make it to Broadway by seven?
Are there seats for tonight?
What does that mean?
The permitted mass is twenty kilos for an economy class traveler.
I'd like to pay my bill.
I'm planning on sending my daily bills, so please tell me the address and name of the person in charge.
Next time I visit, I'll definitely be back. So can I get a discount?
Can you ask for it for me, please?
Well, he's getting ready for college entrance exams.
It's hard for us to speak English fluently.
Yeah, the anniversary of the atom bomb and the anniversary of the end of the war.
They shouldn't watch violent TV shows.
What's the latest and most popular movie?
Was it really a year? Time really goes by. Of course I'll be there. Just tell me the time and place.
Do you have the same design with a higher heel?
I want a jacket for a ten-year-old.
Are there any restaurants open now?
Can I sit wherever I want?
I'm sorry to bother you.
I'm afraid you forgot a number. I think I gave you twenty.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
Take me to my father's road, please.
That's all I want.
Can you send someone over here right away?
Please get me breakfast.
I made it a memorable trip.
Can you give me an estimate of the cost?
Hey, thanks for waiting.
Yeah, but they're pretty selective.
I'll take the best seat you have, please.
I'm sure I have a reservation.
Telegraph paper, please.
I've included the tip in the receipt.
To the hotel, please.
Tokyo zero three three two nine one five eight three five, Mrs. Harada.
French dress, please.
Please take me to airport A.
I'll send it to you, so please wait here.
We're here for a day.
I want some soap.
We want to play tennis. Are there public stadiums here?
I feel a slight headache.
Please show me some children's clothes.
Can you recommend a good restaurant near here?
It's a big, black bag.
I must have called the wrong number.
For three. Your name, please.
When do you think he'll get better?
It's nice to meet you here.
I'm here for summer vacation.
I'd like to buy some souvenirs for my friends.
I enjoyed the meal so much.
Can I have these now?
How do I adjust the ventilation?
Can I sit next to you?
What kind of food does it go with?
I don't know my address yet, but I'm planning on staying in a hotel in San Francisco.
I can't sleep because the baby is so loud behind me. Can you say something, please?
In most cases, you'll be in a great apartment.
My wrist hurts.
No, just turn left. There by the truck. There. Go up that little road over there. Come on, stop here.
Get off at Victoria Station and take the east-west line.
It's torn. Please take a little more.
How long does it take to get to Japan?
No, please sit down and wait. I'll be back in a little bit.
Where do I change cars?
I have a sensitivity to aspirin.
Can I help you find something specific?
Can I see the car?
Let's meet at the restaurant.
You have three times as many books as I do.
He's about a hundred and seventy centimeters tall and bald.
Can you draw me a map, please?
I'd like to drink beer in such hot weather.
Can I have breakfast now?
Here's my international driving licence.
I want some hand cream.
Can you register your address here?
Sorry, I'm done with the tickets tonight, but we still have some tickets for tomorrow night.
Are these wine glasses safe?
Are they too strong?
Oh, boy.
I lost a ring somewhere around here.
I've turned it into Delta Flight two, one, five.
I think I touched some venomous coral.
Do you have any boxes?
All right, sir. Please stay in your room until the doctor comes.
I left my bag here, and now I'm gone.
I want some lettuce.
Sure. When would you like to book? How many people?
You're supposed to stick to the left.
What do you know about him?
Now, what exit do I take to Carnegie Hall?
I stole at Waimanalo Beach. Please come right now.
How about a hundred bucks?
Is it okay to use tennis courts?
I want this packed.
I'd like to invite you to lunch.
Can I pay for the table?
Where did you last see him?
Give me a pipe tool, please.
I left my watch on the train.
Yes, sir. Wait a minute, please.
He hasn't come yet?
When do I have to leave here for the 12 o'clock flight?
It's hot this morning, isn't it?
I can't understand anything people are saying around us.
Send me an ambulance, please.
Are there famous scenes?
I want to apply for a new release.
Can you show me where I am on this map, please?
Yeah, but I don't like sweets.
The government has supported the development of industries.
Okay, let me see. It's over my budget.
What kind of food are we having for lunch today?
I think he's over fifty.
The TV's over there and here's the remote.
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're gonna have to keep it to yourself.
Keep going straight until you get to Hope Street.
I want to buy this.
Here's the key and here's the knot.
Can I move to the smoking place?
Can you send a cab to twenty-three Brown Street?
We didn't ask for that.
A glass of champagne, please.
Well, it takes fifteen minutes to walk from here.
Another glass, please.
What's the minimum age to do that?
I want to reserve some rooms.
Do you have any simple maps of the city?
What about a nice bracelet you want with him?
What corridor is there for cosmetics?
Can you get me to the export department, please?
Sorry, I'm a little changed. Can you check again?
If I could, I wouldn't take off the tooth.
Who's up on the hill for the Cincinnati Reds?
One coffee with a little milk, please.
The statistic is one ball and two strokes.
The Subtropicana Club is good. It's open until 2: 00 in the morning. The staff will call you a cab when you're ready to leave.
Japanese teenagers care about fashion.
I'm not using flash.
Can you check the wheels?
I'm starting to take lessons. It's so hard.
Where's the airline shelter gate, flight two, one, four?
When does the train get to San Diego, please?
I used to smoke every day.
I got on the wrong train.
Can I have some air mail stickers?
How much are you gonna pay for this?
I don't want it too wet.
When does your plane leave for San Francisco?
I can't find that exit.
I want fifty grams of these steaks, please.
Did you get a return ticket to Japan?
Can you tell me how to make a phone call?
I want another color, please.
What's going on behind two rabbits won't catch any.
I agree with your idea, provided the date of completion of the plant is guaranteed.
Can you get me a ticket, please?
Say it slowly.
This is not clean.
Oh, look at your box.
I'd like to book a golf game tomorrow morning.
You prefer the cake. It's homemade.
Will you check inside this bag too?
I want some shampoo.
Right. In our language, the word " sakana " for fish, comes from the combination of " sakka ", or " na, " fish as a special food to eat when drinking sake.
Express, please.
Can you take me to the hotel?
It's Friday the 23rd.
How long have you had this headache?
I want a front seat.
I don't know how to fill this out.
I think you should try an open color.
What floor is the women's shoe department in?
Under the seat in front of you.
How late is the warehouse open?
You don't need to thank me.
I'm staying at the Hilton.
I feel bad and nauseous.
That's more than I expected to pay.
I'd like to set the date for 5: 00 tonight.
Is there a barber shop at the hotel?
When do you guys get the laundry tomorrow morning?
It's a jacket. We only have one of these brushes. It's one of my favorite designs. Would you try it?
Tell me about the fees later, please.
Where is it shown?
But I have an appointment to see her at 2: 00.
I'm here to sign in.
Please tighten the pants a little and make it curl-free.
I'd like to see some of your great collections here.
I didn't eat that.
Is this car going to Edinburgh?
Harry, is there anything I can do?
At three.
Yes, please fill out this form.
Can you make these pants, please?
The zoo is three blocks away.
Is it pure wool?
How much is the overweight charge?
What is that?
I'm so glad we could discuss all the important issues and we found solutions.
I want a lead.
Which hospital is he going to be transferred to?
If you give me a discount, I'll buy this one, too.
My name is Kimura. I want to cancel my reservation for Friday.
Enjoy your meal.
Where can I buy a baseball ticket?
Oh, sorry. There were problems and we were working on it. Would you please wait for thirty minutes?
Excuse me. How do I get to the bank from here?
Can I see some IDs?
Please show me how to use the phone.
Look at this. It's a big store. I hope you brought a lot of money.
I want a seat in a theater cabin.
I like it. I'll take it.
Where are the city walls?
She's back.
I want something more dense, please.
There's no soap.
What's next?
To San Francisco, please.
What are these things?
Where's the seat, Sixth Elf?
How far is it from the station?
Yeah, he's staying at twelve four thirty-three Zeus Street.
My baby's in a fall.
Yeah, we have a playground available at 2: 00 and another at 4: 00.
When can I leave the hotel?
Is there a subway line to Civic Center?
What department?
Get the peanuts out of here.
Well, I like both of them.
Sure. Two suitcases and a handbag. Please keep this ticket.
White wine, please.
I got it.
Because we're in O-Boon season now.
Can we go scuba diving this afternoon?
Do you have any idea what the entertainment is this week in town?
I'll ask someone.
My friend has a stomach upset. Can you recommend something light on his stomach?
Two one two three four eight three three thousand.
Two seats on the lower right, please.
You want me to fill in the blanks?
Flight seven was delayed for two hours.
I want to see historic buildings.
You want to settle the bill now?
The car came over from the side at the intersection.
We'll send someone from security.
It's kind of hot.
I'm from Portugal.
After drinking the juice they gave me, I lost consciousness.
If you wish, you can order English breakfast for an extra fee.
I lost my wallet.
I'd like to rent a signboard.
Can you make a little change, please?
Polloon spaghetti, please.
I'd like a beer, please.
I want to go to Paris. Do I have to change trains?
When's the right time for you?
Can I get a medical ticket?
It's a music box.
Where's the suburb?
I want another one.
Is there a bus tour of the city?
Our extensive research network is also available to meet your needs.
That's the first goal of the season.
When do we start?
Nothing for me.
Let's go look out the windows.
I remember now. We went to lunch together.
Okay, sir, in medium size, we're offering you a Mercury-type fur, would you agree?
Which one's the high-speed train?
You caused a muscle spasm.
We're now surfing the Yosemite Nature Reserve.
Is there anything for the kids?
I bought it at a used goods market.
I'm going to travel.
I'm done eating, please pick up the Chinese.
I'll rent this model. Add insurance to the car.
Is this going to Sydney?
Can I go in jeans and sneakers?
Yeah, according to the weekly weather report, it's gonna be fine this week.
Please show me some gloves.
Wake-up call, please.
Turn right on the street.
Raise your voice, please.
Can you get me earphones?
He's been aged.
But you have to promise me you'll kick the ball, not me.
Hot dog and big cola, please.
How far is it farther?
Tiffany's. Well, at least we can go look out the windows.
Please soak this film and print it.
Can I borrow some white?
I think we will. Thank you very much.
It's my fault. We rarely see each other.
What kind of leather is this case made of?
How much is air mail?
I don't think this knife is clean. Can you get me another one?
I want a hat.
I bought this a minute ago, but can you change this for this one?
Maybe that's true, but I'm not sure.
I'm staying in a hotel.
I'm sorry you can't.
Honestly, I don't agree with that.
Can you open a bottle of wine?
Can I stay three nights?
Is this the right way to the central station?
Yeah, I'd like to try the red anchovy, but is it too sharp?
I want some wooden slides.
Does this have sunscreen?
Aren't you going to reconsider these terms of payment?
Boat with guide, please.
I'm so sorry.
Is this a train to Chicago?
How can I take a limo bus from here to there?
No, I'm sorry. I looked, but they're not there.
Twenty-four color film, please.
I'd like to order a dark suit for me.
This umbrella can be used as a walking stick.
How much is this tour?
Can I buy a ticket here?
I agree, but on some terms.
Do I have to leave all my luggage in the coat drop room?
Can I borrow a squash?
I'd like to join a night tour.
I want a color slice for this camera, please.
How much does it cost to go to Seattle?
When do we get to Seattle?
Please show me your passport.
Change my room, please. It's smelling weird.
Which way to the museum?
Full price, please.
Okay, we'll make you a nice table. Can I have your name?
My room faces a noisy street.
A bathroom with a shower, please.
Is there a place that accepts laundry on Sundays?
Oh, you got a high fever. How's your stomach?
Great. There's so much to choose from.
Cheese sandwich, please.
What bus goes to Miami?
But no need to pay a bribe.
Give me a 20 cent stamp, please.
Is it better to call the police?
I'd like some nannies.
I think I'll take the limo.
I'd like some green salad.
You can see one at Caringee Hall.
I'm not legally licensed.
When do you wake up tomorrow?
I want to go to the opera house. Where are her concerts?
Can you show me the way to the nearest drugstore, please?
Will I have to change rooms if I extend my stay?
Book tomorrow, please.
She hates dishwashing.
He should be back at four this afternoon.
What's the tour frequency?
Get me some cotton cotton.
When can I get it ready if I order " regular service "?
Please report my luggage loss.
I'd like to book three seats for Cat on a Hot Tin Roof tomorrow night.
I'd like to stay at your hotel tomorrow night. Can you reserve a single room?
Is it a long walk?
Could you please replace it with another larger size number?
Three hundred, two fifty, five twenty, please.
What's the specialty of the store?
No, nothing at all.
I'd like to leave my luggage.
Could you sign the bill and the credit card receipt, please?
Please change dollars to pounds.
How long will it take to get to the Park Hotel by taxi?
I'd like to book an appointment with a doctor.
My purse was stolen when I was making a phone call.
That's interesting. It'll be useful for a lot of companies.
My name is Sato. I just called. I'd like to check in, please.
I'd like to get some stuff for Musk's face.
Can I leave the car at LaGuardia Airport?
Of course not. I'll write you as soon as I get home.
I'm stuck in traffic, and I don't think I'll be able to make it back on time.
See if there's a table available by the window for seven people tonight.
Do you have any vacant seats?
You don't mind if I come to your house?
I have a lot.
I don't think it's right for me.
I'd like to send this little package by regular mail to Japan.
A seat on the balcony, please.
I want a seat on the left.
This town is full of green spaces.
Zero three three eight one four four three four five.
Looks like there's room for improvement.
Do I have to wear a nightgown?
Chianti, please.
She was over the speed limit.
I want grapefruit juice.
Where's the subway?
Can you knit my pants for me, please?
How much is a triple room without a shower?
I'm Mr. Tanaka in room twelve-zero-nine. I want a crew of new bath towels.
Do you have a smaller one?
Bite your teeth gently, please.
Where can I get an aspirin?
We're charging a cancellation fine.
Can you get us two tickets?
That's the minimum price.
The price is six dollars and forty cents.
Can I see the list, please?
Please give me a valid permit for a week.
How much weight does this bag weigh?
That's not what I said before.
Where can I find a public phone?
A dive tour with a tube-shaped breathing glass, please.
This is my colleague.
Yeah, we're open all night.
What kind of gasoline is there, super or ordinary or lead-free?
I would like to welcome you all here for the third annual meeting of the thousand nine hundred and one ninety.
Who are the actors?
How much will it cost?
My name is Elizabeth.
Is there a good place we can see in three hours?
Where's the baggage claim voucher for the U.A. flight eight-zero-one?
Can you release a certificate for theft?
When do you want to meet?
Here's one.
The pool is blocked.
We came to America from Japan yesterday.
I'm about to catch a cold.
Where's the seat number?
By the way, do you have travel insurance for this trip?
I intend to stay for five days.
Where's the free market?
I had a plane ticket in my bag.
I think I'm going to sleep.
Here it's a little too wide.
Please let me think for a second.
Is there a bar nearby I can go for a drink?
I'll be there in five minutes.
How long has she been living in the United States?
I want a dress capsule.
Is there a curfew?
The color is fine, but the size is wrong.
Japanese fireworks.
Can I get front row seats now, or should I wait for the next show?
Well, in that case, I think I'd better try another company.
This year hurts.
Another one, please.
How do you dress for a funeral?
When the red light comes on, press the button.
Zero zero three, Japanese Airlines.
How much for an hour?
It's closed on Mondays, but any other day would be fine. I think it's open from nine to five.
You have good luck, Mr. Suzuki.
I have a bad back pain.
It's a roasted snake with a special gravy on top of a slice of rice.
Can you recommend a soft drink?
I left my passport wrong somewhere.
Well, I'll order a table set for you then, Mr. Kimura.
I want a toy car.
That's very nice.
How long does it take?
Do I have to stand in line here?
The key that opens all the doors, please.
It's been a pleasure talking to you.
Can I buy a ticket at the gate?
Let's celebrate, he said, and he took me to a bar. He said he was going to make a phone call and he left and never came back and I alone carried a huge bill.
I've been feeling this way since last night.
It's a little after four.
Japan is a fast-paced country.
Please be patient while we look for her.
I got it.
I have a rash. What medication cream is more effective?
Do you think tomorrow's picnic will be inside?
Yeah, I know some. Are you on a trip?
My name is Yoko Yamaoka. Can you change my flight booking?
I'd like to see a comedy about family life.
Would you like coffee or tea?
I'm thinking of getting a Bachelor of Arts, but just some time.
How much is it for a gallon?
I had my passport and credit card in my pocket.
What's the special kind of restaurant?
Happy dreams.
I was born in a town about a hundred kilometers from here.
You'd better stay in your hotel room for a few days.
I want something to treat my headache.
It's my size.
This room is too hot.
Are you sure?
Yeah, this is a better one.
Daily necessities.
I dropped my camera on a hard surface.
Can you show me something else?
All I have is fifty dollars.
Is there anything you can't eat?
I dropped a spoon.
Reservations at seven, under the name Manu.
Thank you. I'd love that.
Anything would be fine.
I want cheap seats, if I can.
A list of food types, please.
Where's the subway?
I get it. Where can I catch a bus?
Let's wait for help.
Her name is Miss Gregson, isn't it?
Don't you want a cup of tea?
Where can I play tennis?
Can you tell me where I can find the Japanese consulate?
Can you show me that watch?
I'm cooking right now.
What a surprise to meet you in the library.
Do you have a tennis rack to rent?
It depends on which universities you graduated from.
Oh, I understand. It's my fault. Sorry.
Is there a doctor for the hotel or one in contact with the hotel?
I want something light.
Just two tickets, second class, to Edinburgh, please.
Yeah, I'll be right there.
I want a map of the subway lines, please.
I wake up late on Sundays.
He's always shopping on Bond Street.
I often go out for a stroll in the countryside with my family on weekends.
Okay, sir. Is it safe to play this movie?
Now you can take one of mine.
How many days to Tokyo?
English newspaper, please.
Please check the bus route before you board.
Two for the bomber.
Come in here in an hour, please.
Sorry, but everything's booked then.
Is there a place where country music is played?
I'd like to review my valuable property.
I should have air-mailed it.
Yeah, we got one overlooking the ocean.
Any other wool products?
The car was yellow.
What movies are on display now?
What I miss most is hot springs.
Good, thank you.
How much is a blanket?
Yeah, that's good. See you at six and a half.
Sure are, sir. Would you like to take a look at this flyer?
Yes, this is room two four thirty. My wife is very ill.
Do you have a belt that fits that?
How many times a month do you play baseball?
I'm sorry, but as long as our views don't agree, I can't agree to a contract renewal.
Good morning, Mr. Cameron. How are you?
My name is Akiyo Yamada and the flight number is Japanese Airlines Zero Two Six to Tokyo.
Please, give me a bottle of colonia.
Can I have a tax return form?
Can you turn right?
Okay, press nine and zero one one, then country code and phone number.
Please show me on this map.
Do you have a room for four?
Can I have a Coke Diet?
No sugar, just cream.
This morning Mr. Kawakami is visiting an agent.
How do I get there? Can you point me to the place on this map?
But you're growing vegetables here.
Can I place an order?
Arizona is like a steam bath.
Please give me a glass of water.
Sure, you can. But there's gonna be a $ 50 drop-off.
Is she near here?
Can I have some appetizers, please?
We had a nice drive.
Can you change the tire, please?
Does that cost a hundred and twenty dollars? I think it's expensive. Do you give discounts?
Do you have a Suterne?
I also want two stamps for postcards to Japan.
Please show me your passport and immigration form.
Excuse me, may I finish this?
What are you selling on the second floor?
My car's not available tomorrow.
Is the water warm?
Japan has a population of about one hundred and thirty million.
Can I have my bill?
Yes, as soon as possible. This is an urgent matter.
Are you guaranteed quality?
I've locked the room out. Can I borrow another copy of the key, please?
I'd like to rent a sundial.
Where's a tourist office?
How can I make a phone call to Japan?
Yeah, and I'd like to call the bill for the call.
I have two pieces of luggage for review.
He's on the other line.
It's too hot here, and it's too dark.
Where's the artist?
Let me introduce myself. My name is Guru Yamada.
Sorry, I dropped the knife. Can you get me another one?
A wallet with a hundred dollars and two credit cards.
The water's too hot.
Where do you play pop songs?
How many oaks?
Oh, no. We should have been dressed up for the theater.
Is there a bus?
What's the exchange rate?
I have two suitcases and a suitcase.
The sheets are dirty.
Great, I have to get off work for a while.
How many bags do you want to check?
Well, everything can be expensive in modern Japanese, but tofu dishes aren't so bad on our scales. And if, on the other hand, you go to a top-notch Japanese restaurant to experience Kyoto cuisine, you better be prepared to pay two hundred dollars a person.
Aloud, please.
Now, where's my suitcase?
How much cash was in your purse?
I really don't know. Can you take my size, please?
You can't miss your passport.
Is that all you got?
Sure. I'll make arrangements to call you at exactly five in the morning tomorrow.
Can I see a map of the seats in the theater?
I'm sorry, you have to pay an advance of ninety-nine days.
Do you have an activity program?
You're here.
Give me a 16mm movie with sound effects.
I misunderstood.
He's been so busy lately.
Yeah, I will. But how much does it cost?
Can you wait here a minute?
A jar of coffee, please.
Is this the first time this has happened to you?
Very unlikely.
We'll call you when your ordered coal-burner is ready.
Can you send this item at the price stated in the booklet?
My stomach hurts after meals.
Put some lotions on my hair, please.
Where are the tennis courts?
Open an extra hole, please.
Did you happen to know anything about my suitcase?
I'm the United States.
Is that my size?
I have asthma.
Sorry, I don't have a reservation, but do you have a table?
No, sir. Sorry. Our seats are full.
Good question. I was going to explain that.
I have a pulsating pain in my ear.
I'd like to take it.
We're having a little party at my house next week. See, can you come with your wife?
Passengers, please get a transit card. Our departure is expected to be twenty-five minutes. Please pay attention to the ad.
I'd like to book a time for a golf game at ten tomorrow.
Can you recommend a place like that?
Oh, some salted cookies. Can I look at the bill?
What time is it in London?
How is that?
I shouldn't eat sugary food.
So I think it'll be in your passport. Could you check it out, please?
Great, that's a nice place.
How much money do I charge?
I'm a freshman. I don't know how to register. Can you help me?
Maybe he was having a respiratory block.
See, do you have any tickets for sale on show day?
I'll call you someone who speaks English.
- You did?
I'm sorry to bother you, but please help me.
I'd like to go back to the Grand Hotel.
Have you decided?
I'd like to transfer to British Airways flight three nine nine.
Do you remember the thief's features?
What hotel are you staying at?
When does it start?
I lost my wallet.
I look forward to seeing you again this time next year.
There's been an injury. Please come immediately.
I have to get off. This is a wrong plane.
What's the closest date to getting it done?
I'm Leroy.
Hello. I'm Yama Shita speaking. I'd like to speak to Mr. Smith.
Do you have a food cart on the train?
My purse was stolen.
Do you have a room available for the next two nights?
You want insurance?
Can you get the number for me?
Do you have a Japanese magazine?
Do you have any clean ones?
Where can we go for surfing?
That's fine.
When do I call you back?
Are you serving food here?
Balusabi tuna, please.
Okay, I'll take it. Can you wrap it up as a present, please?
Where's the men's water cycle?
I want a candidate.
If you want, we can rest here.
You can't get away with that.
Can we sit at a table on the balcony?
I lost a registered mail trail.
Can you take care of my valuable property here?
Please let me know when we get to Hudson Street.
What's your favorite place?
Please call me at the hotel as soon as you find him.
Do you have any pocket watches?
You can't change your job so easily.
Shall I eat this with the sauce?
What's the next stop?
Will I need protection from the cold on top of the mountain?
Who's gonna make the final decision?
I was thinking about the first week of February.
Okay, but not the exposed seating area. It's hot today.
There was also my credit cards in the wallet.
He's got a gun.
There are different kinds of dogs, aren't there?
I'd like to see a whole new movie.
I'd like some earrings.
I shouldn't eat salted food.
When's the next one coming?
Get down here, and get on bus number six.
I have to catch the 10 a.m. plane.
I have plans.
I still feel like throwing up.
Can you call me someone who speaks Japanese?
I want to play chess with all his tools.
I don't want anything that's big.
To the Continental Hotel, please.
With some patisserie, please.
Will there be a billboard with the agenda in the meeting room?
I prefer the back room. It's usually quieter.
The bill, please.
I'd like to keep your room cooler.
How much is a fresh crow's nest?
Do you sell duty-free goods on the plane?
I'd like to take my passport out of my safe deposit box.
Cost, please. Do you accept a visa card?
Today I'm going to see what Chinatown looks like.
At number five zero five.
You can buy tickets at the theater.
Excuse me, but where's the water cycle, please?
Which way is it going north?
Key to room eleven five and forty, please.
You see the statue in that building?
Can I get some water?
Yeah, I'm sure. It's so good that I ate too much of it. I enjoyed dinner so much.
Then can you show me some sandals six and a half dal?
Please give him first aid.
Is there a mirror?
Where's gate four and twenty?
Take two capsules twice a day.
I don't have enough cash, so I'll pay by credit card.
Don't give up despite the difficulties.
Two zero two nine three nine six seven zero zero.
I'd like to take this bag with me on the plane, please.
Can I put my bags in the back?
Where can I buy a bus ticket?
You want to join us?
Can you add some cider cheese?
So, please fill out this application form and sign it.
I want five 50 cent stamps, and 20 postcards, please.
How long will it take to get to the Hilton?
A little bit.
Plan to go see the sights for half a day this afternoon.
How much is it?
Quiet room, please.
I'm just calling to thank you for your help on my trip to the States?
I want my teeth removed.
We have fifteen national holidays.
I want a bag of cosmetics.
I'm sure I deposited it at the front desk.
I don't know how much money I have to leave as a tip.
She's the maid. You want anything?
How much is this cigarette butcher?
Where can I see the Phantom of the Opera?
I want to buy souvenirs for my friends. Can you recommend some?
Do you like working here?
No, that's three seven nine three eight four seven two, I'm afraid you called the wrong number.
Slow down, please.
What are your average international fax rates each month?
Can I have my room key?
Excuse me. Can you tell me which train goes to Wheeler Avenue?
Can you recommend a clean and cheap hotel?
Maybe this is a little more intense. Do you have another one?
Can I have it back if it doesn't fit my size?
Do you want to send it by air or regular mail?
Take me to King Street.
Do you have any vacant places tonight?
I think the bus stop is near here, right?
I'm afraid we're not doing that, sir.
Please speak slowly. I don't understand well.
Can I try that?
Fried on both sides, please.
How about you take me out for coffee?
I'll order a beer. What kind of beer do you have?
What, they don't give you a toothbrush as a compliment?
I want three color movies. Thirty-six.
Are there any buses on the line?
Oh, that's a little high. Do you have anything less expensive?
Sorry, we ordered three times to get our drinks.
How much is the trip to the Tower of London?
Okay, that sounds pretty clear. Both of you, please, give me your license and registration certificates. And, son, I'm sorry we have to run you an alcohol test.
Can you recommend some places where I can go and come back in a day?
It's heavy.
The street is different than the one we passed yesterday. Is that a shortcut?
How do you spell it?
I think they learned to live together after years of competition.
By the way, do department stores accept tourist checks?
Yeah, sure. What's your card number and expiration date?
I want a boiled broth.
Can I rent scuba diving equipment with a sea view with a breathing tube?
Will you take care of my bags?
Maybe you should try the H.O.C.
When do you get the curtain up?
How do you like your hair?
Start playing the Rolling Stones.
Yeah, I'll start with a shrimp salad.
My passport was stolen with seventy dollars.
What is this unusual building?
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel?
Please call me at six tomorrow morning. Room fourteen.
Can I pay the bills?
I'm sorry there's no refund. You can replace it with something else.
Where's the university?
She was wearing a blouse and a sweater.
I'm from the United States.
This is Dallas.
Please, we'd be happy if you could call us anytime.
Can you send her to Japan if you ask now?
Can I have a dica roma on the pills? I want more mayonnaise, please.
How long are these tickets going on?
You want to eat outside with me?
My wallet and passport were stolen.
It'll be ready by tomorrow evening.
Do you have any plans?
Is there a heater?
Where's the theater?
I cut off my finger.
You take a hundred bucks for this?
Is this made of cotton?
I didn't know credit cards took at least a month.
Can I get my stuff out of my safe?
I want to change my schedule.
No, you shouldn't. Just press the camera shutter.
She hit me.
When's the tour over?
I have my medicine.
Miami.
Is this my turn?
What can I see on this tour?
Where can I buy traditional products?
It's six dollars. Will you take it?
Yeah, there's a drink at least.
Where's the nearest restroom, please?
Here are some different types.
Lower her price.
- Bye. - What?
How much does that cost a day?
I want to do the exit registration, please.
I'd like to know if he could send me breakfast.
Can I climb a mountain with this light equipment?
Can I have some water?
We'll do our best to reach a resolution on this before tomorrow morning.
Are there any cosmetics on the first floor?
Does this bus stop near the hotel?
More than a pack of cigarettes a day.
This is over my budget.
Can I have some cigarettes?
Please, I want a doctor in my room.
Excuse me if I'm wrong, but aren't you Rebecca Anderson?
I want a CD.
I'm staying at the Hyatt Hotel. Please send my luggage to the hotel quickly.
There are flights on JAL and WAN that take off at 10:05. Unfortunately, both flights are booked.
Return ticket, please.
Route five is right over there.
I want a Bluffra with long sleeves.
There's a bank two blocks away.
We'll be an hour late.
Where can I check the oil?
Please send this special order.
This is room number three four five. I want some room service, please.
It suits me perfectly.
Can I take this to the plane?
Can we reserve a table for five?
Please, do you have seats in economy class on the trip to Tokyo on October 13th?
She doesn't understand English at all.
Going, or going back?
I want a steak with fries.
It's a roasted calf with pepper.
This is a very popular dark color this year.
I'm going on a diet.
Is there a disco bar in this town?
Where's the ABC Airlines registration office?
It's right there.
Good evening, sir. Can I help you?
It's itchy in this position.
Please give me the rest in small change.
We can book you a seat on March 24th.
I understand. How many stations are there from here to South Station?
I want to change my booking to C for zero zero one on January 3rd.
Please, cash a tourist check.
A pork chop with a gourd, and a big orange juice, please?
Can I take that back?
Hi. This is Tsunayo Suzuki. Can I talk to John Anderson, please?
Mr. Tsunayo Suzuki? Can you please fill out this registration card? What kind of room do you like?
That's fine. Please record your phone number too.
My passport expires in two weeks.
This skin is very thin and it scratches easily, so watch it.
Congratulations. I hear you're expecting a baby.
What's the number of the hotel cleaning department?
The light brake signal is off.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're making final preparations for departure immediately, and we'll be leaving in a few minutes.
Is there a heater for the highway?
Can you take care of her from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 a.m.?
Are you Irish?
I recommend a necklace.
Please issue a medical certificate and a receipt for insurance.
Can you get it for me at 9:00?
Is the discount going now?
Why don't we go to Buckingham Palace today?
How much does air mail cost to Japan?
Please tell me again.
I wish I was you.
I love fruit, but not figs.
Can I come in?
Not far away?
Well, I hope I get back to Japan and get a good job at one of the leading banks.
Please open this.
Where's the nearest gym shop?
I want the form signed by the manager, please.
I want to get to L.A. between noon and two.
Can I see a booklet showing places worth a visit?
One hundred and seventy pounds per person in total.
Please take me to the Four Seasons Hotel.
The door is locked. Can you open my door, please?
Can I come by at ten on Wednesday?
Do you have the same thing in a different color?
You know, if a girl tries to resist, it's gonna get more dangerous.
Please give me an ambulance.
You can't take this bag with you.
Well, that depends on traffic, you know. It's too busy this afternoon.
I'd like to invite you to my house next Sunday.
Can I have my medicine here?
I only speak Japanese.
We open at ten and close at six.
My wife and I would like to open a joint savings account.
We ask you to wear a tie.
Hair and shampoo story, please.
I can't believe you're really forty.
Do I have to change buses to get there?
Who's the last line?
What's the best tour so I can see the most famous places?
I'm sorry, Mr. Shimada. Mr. Russell is outside?
Where's the emergency exit?
Can you repeat that, please?
It'll be ready by tomorrow morning.
Does the bus leave for Boston at 9:35?
Let me take care of your luggage.
Do you have any onion?
I know exactly how you feel.
When does this museum close?
The driver charged me a big fee. What should I do?
Is this area safe for women?
Let's talk about specific problems.
Are there any hosts who speak Japanese?
All the tickets are sold.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Yeah, I booked at ABC Travel.
We want to play for an hour at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
Can you wait here a minute?
How many bags can I bring on the plane?
We got a lot of snow here.
There are also many types of rams that are quick to prepare. A cup of rams can be served in three minutes after boiling water is added.
Please wash this.
What's the carrier fee?
What product did you sell a lot of last year?
Two adults and one child, please. By the way, what does parental guidance mean for under fifteen?
He gave his short interception a deceptive look.
I appreciate it if you tell me when we're going down.
Can I buy stomach pills here without a license?
Looks like someone took my bags.
I filled the tank.
No, sir. This afternoon is fully booked. You can book tomorrow, though.
Put the luggage in the trunk, please.
I'm going to ask the doorman about the right fare.
Yeah, there'll be a guide who speaks English.
When are we gonna get off the highway to Laguna Beach?
How long have you been learning English?
How do I make this flash?
It's good to see you again. Thanks for inviting us.
Great. Get in my car. I'll take you to the best gynaecologist in town.
I'm gonna wear this, so please wrap this up for me.
Excuse me, can I change my seat?
I need a cold medicine, please.
Where's the flight desk where I'm going to continue my flight?
Do you have a bigger size?
I want a glass of white wine.
Where do I buy it?
I'll take three of them.
Will you record my graduation data before I dive in the sea?
Is it a direct flight?
Who said that?
I want to hire a Japanese-speaking guide.
You take an ABC card?
I don't remember where you left it.
I'm really sorry.
I have a cough with a mine.
I'm wrong to take things written on them in Japanese.
We have a party on Friday night. Why don't you join us?
We'll have to wait at least half an hour.
Okay, your room, miss, is nine-zero-eight.
I want a regular lighting.
I found a crack here at the house. Can I change it?
It's very important that we can get the raw materials we need in the project.
I don't remember where.
I have a little pain.
How long does this visa stay in effect?
I have to send this suit to the laundry.
I don't like this room.
Yeah, that's my room key.
Excuse me, officer?
Is this train going straight to Edinburgh?
I want two first-class tickets to and from Boston, please.
Does this fall within the tax exemption?
Can I have another pillow?
If possible, have a table by the window, please.
Tell me about the rules.
I want one red.
Is the area safe?
Take my valuables out, please.
Can you write a diagnosis for me?
My handbag was stolen from me outside the hotel near here.
That's my pleasure.
Are you sure this is correct? Please check it again.
There's some heavy waves today.
I can't taste anything.
I want to tour Mexico for a week.
It's not been sent yet.
Can I have my meal after I sleep?
What time is breakfast?
Do you bring a manual?
Please write it down here.
You can buy a thousand yen ticket from this machine.
Excuse me. Is there a coin phone near here?
Can I sit next to you?
I'm not sure. Maybe it's tonight.
How's the traffic on those tours?
I feel sick. Can you give me something, please?
How much does it cost to send this postcard?
Work.
I'd like to buy some souvenirs. Is there a convenience store here?
I was grounded by a stranger.
We help users get the most out of the goods they ship.
Can I have two hamburgers?
How long is it open?
Where can I get a booklet?
Could I please cash this tourist check worth three hundred dollars?
How do I find the building where your office is?
Do you have any right-wheel drive cars?
I want a gift for a child.
Please, I'll definitely make it fifty pounds.
He's out now.
Mayumi, would you mind signing this paper?
You'll find her at the end of this hallway.
I've been involved in developing new products.
You're gonna have to book me on another flight.
How much does it cost, including taxes?
What does he look like?
You see, I'm so interested in Australian shows.
He's molesting me.
Well, you better take a cab and tell the driver just to go to Gray Line City Terminal. It won't take more than forty minutes on foot.
I go to the beauty center once every three months.
I want another room.
How's he doing dinner so fast?
Is that nine zero eight one seven two six? Sorry, I seem to have called the wrong number.
Do you have anything to eat?
I usually leave home for school at eight.
Now I have an idea.
What's the big deal about this season?
How far is the wharf?
I'm taking a longing to go home now to take a break.
Where's the nearest supermarket?
Let's say I drive a Mercedes over 10,000 miles and then sell it to you. How much do I take?
I put a booked sticker on your ticket.
Is there a slope for beginners?
I'm pulling my hair out of here.
Can you suggest a better plan?
What letters to me?
Will this flight leave on time?
I ordered two coke fifty minutes ago. How's it coming?
Can I get a refund on this?
Here's one of them, sir.
I don't have any luggage to search.
I think we're going in the wrong direction.
Excuse me, can you nominate me for another hotel?
See that restaurant over there?
I'd like to, but I'm busy right now.
I'll give it to you for two hundred and thirty dollars, then.
I want to tie this suit.
What are you charging for this?
Can you change?
What a beautiful day. Do you usually have these beautiful days at this time of year?
I'd like to rent an ice cream?
Sure, be comfortable.
I hear it's a beautiful country.
How much is the fee?
I'm here on a media mission.
Where do you want us to get your bags when we find them?
In Japan, they were used to a moral system that never allowed a boy to sit with a girl after he turned seven.
Thirteen dollars and forty-six cents, including taxes. Cash or on account?
Please try again later.
You expect any cancellations?
Please tell me where my seat is.
Do you have any movies for the summer?
Excuse me. Can you take a picture of us, please?
Yeah. Please show me some shirts.
Yeah, I will. I like swimming more.
Who's the sculptor?
Does this dress suit me?
How far does a limo go to get there?
It takes twenty minutes to get to the station.
You had a nice stay.
Show me the shirt in the show.
When's the next train to Washington DC coming?
We had a similar experience in the past.
That's my ticket.
Hey, what do you want?
How long does it take to airmail to Japan?
Can you check it for me?
It's too tight.
Can I have a delivery?
I want to stay under a hundred dollars.
Can we look for the duty-free shop?
Long clothes are fashionable now.
I want you to keep my bags for me till 3: 00.
How far to the beach?
I want an ambulance.
Please give me the emergency number.
Are there any buses to Ice Hall?
How are you? I'm Hirokusozki. Can I ask your name?
Do you like Japanese food more too?
Please record this letter.
Where's the nearest vegetable shop?
I'm going back to Japan next Monday.
Eighty pounds a night, plus taxes.
This is your menu. The waitress will be here in a minute. Enjoy your dinner.
I'd like to speak to Mr. Jojo in room three-zero-six.
Where's the subway entrance?
Can I have a map of the subway?
It was unclear.
Is there a bank inside this station?
She doesn't fit me.
I want vodka.
I'd like to get out of the car in San Francisco.
Can you ask him to call me on my account when he gets back?
I'm just kidding. Actually, I just want to buy a new shoe. Excuse me, where are the ladies'shoes?
You didn't bring me my authority, sorry.
Is it a long way?
I need it by Friday.
Yeah, she is. One moment, please.
On vacation.
Is your watch fixed?
Who's the manager?
Is that wet?
How much did you spend?
Can you please explain these electric keys?
That's great. Will you speak English or Japanese?
Is it safe to install this film?
I have five boxes of cigarettes.
Can you tell me what size fits me?
Can you replace this with a new one?
Sorry, I got lost. Can you show me the way to the station?
What's the area of Japan?
No, I don't have much time.
From San Francisco to Narita.
Is there a doctor who speaks Japanese?
Can I have a teaspoon?
Can I get there by taxi?
Two people.
The river is over a hundred metres wide.
That's not exactly my size.
Where can I get my bags back?
I'm not comfortable. Can I turn my seat?
It's great to play tennis in this nice place.
I'd like to book a hotel room for the night.
You see the subway sign over there.
Do you work on Sundays?
Can you get me a replacement card?
I'm really sorry.
When will this movie be ready?
Is there a good disco near here?
I'll take one red and one white.
I want a wide-angle lens.
Oh, just a few days. There's a lot I want to see, and I don't think there's much time.
What line is going to Manhattan?
How long is the break between the first and second chapters?
I crossed a red line.
That boy ran out in front of my car.
It's eleven and forty-five in the morning.
Can you show me to a favorite restaurant for young men?
His car was going full speed.
Show me my men's purse.
Can you check it out for sure?
I'm calling to confirm my appointment with Mr. Ebert next Wednesday at 11: 00 a.m.
I want a hairdresser.
I need it tomorrow.
I need it at five o'clock.
But we can't use it for anything but self-defense.
I need a doctor. Can you identify me with one?
Rice cake is a traditional Japanese food.
Thanks for your help.
Do you have anything more like a goat?
I have to be at the airport at 10: 30.
I want dinner.
Can you somehow describe your illness to me in English?
The pain is constantly moving from my ear to my neck.
There's no way I can apologize.
I ordered a vegetarian meal.
Is there a Chinese restaurant near here?
Can you send a cab to the main entrance to Westminster Mall?
Are you staying in New York for a long time?
I want a telegraph form, please.
Can I get a postage stamp for seven postcards to Japan?
Is this bus going to Disneyland?
Sure, get up.
We have tickets for regular cars and green cars. Which one do you want?
I lost my watch.
Who are you going with?
Where are you going?
Flash is forbidden.
How many times do I have to change trains to get there?
I'd like to rent this type of car for three hours.
I had a great time tonight, thank you.
How do you use that in cooking?
How much is this, tax included?
Is that right? Let me check. Oh, I'm so sorry, Miss Takanao. This is our fault. Here's your new bill. Would you sign here, please?
I need a report on the incident.
I don't want any hair scent.
I'll definitely put it in the trunk.
How much is the transfer fee?
Yes, sure. Will you stay three nights?
Can you take my size?
Can you wrap it up for me, please?
The rest is five dollars, please.
How much is this?
I don't know British sizes.
Do you really like her?
Please show me your contract. The total fee will be two hundred dollars.
Can I see your ride card?
I want a single room.
The bathtub pad is not fully locked.
Put your bags here, check for one bag only.
I feel like I want to sleep for a while.
It's just a gift of my appreciation.
Can you fill out this form?
Which side is he leaving from?
Can I have my showroom tonight?
What about these plastic models?
Close to the stage?
The price on the bill is the same as the price on the price card.
What brands do you have?
The heel is too high for me.
Call the insurance company, please.
How about five?
I left my coat here.
Lock the door from the inside and I'll be out of the room.
Pencil after permanent waving, please.
The seat is broken.
I want to buy a Kodak self-reported six-and-thirty picture.
Where's the biggest department store near here?
Your name, please.
I want a chicken, please.
I have a problem. When I was walking down the street, I stole my wallet. Where is the police station?
Please don't smoke at this time.
We're now near Sydney, Route two-thirty.
I want to stay longer.
Is this self-service?
Sure. What is it?
How long have you been in Paris?
I got here on British Airways flight one five two.
Can I get a postage stamp for three airline postcards to Japan?
It was founded in the year one thousand seven hundred and three and fifty, but the marble-column facade was built in the year one thousand eight hundred and two and fifty.
Can I take your order?
Let's be clear, hundreds of thousands of them, Mr. Corio. In this cellar alone, we have about eight hundred thousand bottles.
That's right. I'll really enjoy seeing him again.
Yeah, but you'll have to pay an extra fee.
How long have you been doing this?
I'd like to take the same flight on July 1st.
It's pronounced G.O.R.O.H.
You want a drink?
Lie down here.
Make it an emergency cable, please.
Is that a high-speed train?
What's the approximate fare to go to Washington Square Park?
I can't get to the steak bar in the back.
Is BAA flight two zero five on the schedule?
Can you point me to a good book for a fifteen-year-old?
Good food?
How do I get back to the big central station?
Little lipstick is so cute. I'll take this, please.
Is this the United Airlines baggage claim?
The number is three four five six seven eight nine zero one two.
I want a little bed.
This is the wrong paper.
I'm eight years old.
Would you like to leave a message?
I have a vaginal disorder.
I'm looking for makeup tools.
Does the bill include the service fee?
What other cotton?
I'd like some pepper, please?
According to the weather report, there will be a snowfall tomorrow.
If my bags don't arrive tomorrow, I'll be moving to another hotel in two days.
Do you have any california wine?
If you have a Japanese yen, I want the rest.
I want a ball.
I'm also very grateful to you.
Please stay within the thirty-foot dive.
No, something to put on the body.
I need a special guide.
Take a punch.
Hi. Can I talk to Jan?
Hi. I called J.W. Industries. Our business hours are from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. If you know the internal number of the party you are calling, please call the number now. If you are calling from a touch phone, please call the name of the party you wish to call.
What's special about this house?
Do you have any shoes with a padded front?
I left my bag on the train.
My eyes are weakening.
Can I attach this letter to it?
Apparently, someone was involved.
I want some rubber ties.
It's not my fault, it's your fault.
Please stop at the main entrance of the hotel.
Can you change this, please?
The view was really nice.
Sure, we'll be happy to do that.
Do you have any modern watches?
Her hair was grey and black.
Can I have a light, please?
Hey, Malaysian comic book. I'm gonna buy one to take home as a conversation piece.
I was having a headache when I woke up this morning.
Can you suggest any other place worth a visit?
Mr. Thomas, let me introduce my friend Mary Jones.
I'm hungry too. Why don't we eat somewhere?
I'd like to ask you about point three. Am I right to think I should pay by bank transfer?
Oh, that's nice. What is that?
I want a wake-up call.
I'd like to cancel my appointment with Mr. A?
My breakfast hasn't arrived yet. Would you please hurry up?
Let's see. Let me get an English newspaper.
It's so beautiful here, isn't it?
I hear the ship crashed because of the tropical storm.
Yeah, my name is Sato.
What kind of stuff do you want?
I prefer it so much. But I regret that I don't like the design. What about the other designs?
I'm so sorry. I'll change it. Which one do you want?
What's the hourly fee?
Yeah, I enjoyed it.
I want a form of VAT, please.
Let's take a shortcut.
Fifty cents for each bag, sir.
Someone took my wallet.
The road to success is Jinmiako, right?
Can you show me to a hotel that's not too expensive?
Stay quiet or I'll shoot.
I'll be at your hotel about nine o'clock.
Not yet. I'm going to have a cheese burger and a medium-sized iced tea.
Thank you very much. I was very cooperative.
Wrong change here.
How much is a sentence worth?
I'd like to announce this wine pack.
I'll check my exit, please.
My camera's not working properly. Would you check it out?
It's my friend's birthday. Do you have anything special?
Did you get interrupted by traffic?
I have about two thousand five hundred dollars of Japanese yen.
Can I call the cook to explain?
It's probably at least thirty-five dollars.
Can you give me a fix?
Is someone sitting here?
I want a seat on the flight to Los Angeles at 8: 00 p.m.
It looks a little bit bigger than it should be. Can I try the next smaller size?
Go from here. Give this to the hotel as soon as you arrive. Here's a map of the city. Enjoy a nice stay.
Yeah, we do. I'll show you some.
Please prepare the report so I can file a claim for compensation with the insurance company.
I want some sleeping pills.
Can you wrap it up?
I finally found a job where I can use my talents.
I'll be here till nine. I hope you can catch the criminal as soon as possible.
Yeah, I'm looking for a coat.
Is there any extra charge?
You gonna replace it?
No, for taxi drivers, they're either more or less honest.
Can we leave now?
The gum is so smooth.
Can I close the window?
But everything comes with the fat looking potatoes. I'm starting to miss rice and miso soup.
Can you give the line to someone who speaks Japanese?
Someone else's luggage was moved to my room.
Yeah, two blocks away. You'll find it on your right.
I want to see Trinity Church.
Tokyo is the fashion hub.
What's on at the opera house on Friday night?
I had a nervous breakdown.
She's got garlic on her thigh.
My favorite sci-fi movie on the romance scene?
Let me check the dollar exchange rate for the yen today. One minute, please.
This is the video I recorded for my friend.
Five tenths and ten fifths and the rest in four, please.
I want to buy some bags.
We're gonna spend a week camping and having fun this summer.
I swim and train at a gym once a week.
I'm sure the criminal is near.
U.A. flight eight five three.
Ten stamps, please.
I got a sore throat.
It'll take two hours and the service fee is $ 99.
What's the best shoe you got?
Why did you go to New York last year?
I need some souvenirs from New York.
I'm from Germany. I stayed in Las Vegas for three days before coming here.
I want to go by sea, but how are the cabins?
Hey, I feel like I've been down this street before.
Do you mind serving breakfast for an hour?
If I leave the film now, when will the pictures be ready?
Is there another library you're selling?
Just some stomach medicine.
What's the name of the station we're going down to?
Compulsory education is six years of primary and three years of preparatory.
What about two?
I'm checking out of the hotel. Can you send a servant upstairs?
Cruise missiles. What did you use them for?
Do you have a Jack Daniel whiskey?
Do they sell alcohol in the store?
Can I hire a tennis coach?
Will the bus to Basso leave on schedule?
Is there a sleeping car?
Can you clean my table, please?
My watch stopped.
I was talking to Mr. Douglas from Sales and he cut the line.
No, we haven't received any messages, but there's a letter for you.
I enjoyed it.
Oh, is she?
It tastes great, but it wouldn't hurt if they tried to make it look more elegant.
When's the root date?
That sounds good. I'd like to join the tour. How much does it cost?
This camera fell off me and the lock broke.
Can I continue the flight?
We have to go to Pier One to ride the Chew Line.
I can get it ready for you in about fifteen minutes. Do you want to wait, or will you come later?
When's the next bus coming?
Where can I order?
What documents do I need to get into the United States?
By the way, the new Kansai International Airport was also completed in the year one thousand nine hundred and four and ninety.
Do you sell bread?
We open at nine in the morning.
It's very good, thank you.
Is that true?
Can I see the menu?
Do you have an appetite?
I want you to make me a new hat.
I need a nausea cure.
This is a ticket for a seat in the hall.
The name is Tsutomu.
Is this train going to New York?
We guarantee you will receive all goods within two weeks of receiving your order.
Okay, here we go.
Is that a bush of thorns?
Do you wear it to the left?
Is it farther than we can walk to?
I want a shower room.
You all charge for the car?
Here are old coins, pottery extracted, a brass jar, and a thousand other things.
I want a coloring book.
Can I have some mineral water?
We want to hit.
My room is very noisy.
I think I'm having a little air circulation.
How do I get to Delta Air Lines to get between flights?
Should I go to a Japanese bank?
Please try again.
You have to change the money from the bank.
Oh, you shouldn't have. Thank you. That's exactly what I wanted.
I'll call you when I'm not busy.
Does this train stop at every station?
The watches in this period are suitable for daily use, but those are the most expensive.
Try that. It's a standard size of eight thirty.
I hurt myself.
I hear you have a waiter who speaks Japanese.
What's your handicap?
Can I book?
I thought this bottle of wine was for burgundy.
This is my husband.
No, thanks. I was just watching.
Yeah, it was really good.
Yes, I'll take you to Mrs. Dudley.
Can I try this one?
Do we have enough time to finish the departure procedures?
I'm allergic to eggs.
I'd like you to look at the upper right corner of the paper I just gave you.
Your husband is one of our best clients.
Hilton Hotel. Room number is three zero five.
The sunset view is great from here.
I imagine you're worried about the delivery.
I want a pencil, please.
I lost one of my contact lenses.
Do you know a good dentist?
Tell me, Adrian, don't you think that robe is loose, you know?
Oh, you should call the consulate right away.
This is for her.
It's shaken, not beaten.
Is this the gateway to Paris?
Show me on the map.
I hear there are good jazz clubs.
Would you like a table in the main restaurant or a private room, sir?
What's the nearest station to Lincoln Center?
What's the last time to get to the check-in desk for this flight at the airport?
A lot of people go to the beach during the season.
Do you know the name of the elegant lady who dances with Mr. Cole?
I love you.
I weigh about a hundred and fifty pounds.
I'd like a map of the subway.
I'd like to buy six necklaces. Can you give me a discount?
Where should I move?
Oh, I think they call you Cal.
I'll take the umbrella with me.
Where's the lost and found office?
Is there a bus going straight there?
Which pier is the little express train to Washington from?
Is this a flower shop next to the hotel?
I'm looking for running shoes.
Do you have any makeup?
Which way does this train leave?
I don't need all that. I just want one.
Do I need special treatment?
Am I paying cash or is it added to the bill?
Was Mr. Jones serious when he said he was retiring soon?
I'm having a cold.
We moved into this house a year ago.
Do you know a Chinese restaurant called Dragon here?
Call an ambulance fast.
This is an eyeball package. Is it right for you?
I'd like to book again, then.
All of them. Discount, please.
Please change the light.
It's right there.
Are there any letters in the package?
Yes, you can. The room is ready. Write your name and address here, please.
Where is this place?
My feet are full?
How long will it take me to get my visa?
Where are the lounges?
Nothing serious.
Do I need a fishing license?
The total is two hundred and three and forty pounds, ma'am.
If I use my credit card, can you make up for it?
This is a gift. Can you wrap it for me in a nice wrap?
Don't open any of my messages.
Fourth block after Starbucks.
I want something more relaxed.
Can I change the battery?
Can you hang my jacket on the stitch, please?
The food on the next table looks good.
Is there a big car case in there?
Can I look after him?
This is so bad. Please take care of yourself.
What a sight. It's a beautiful walkway.
Here comes the hot dog guy.
He's hurt people.
Excuse me, where's the station?
I'd like a heavy coffee.
I have health insurance.
Are you married or single?
Please call me a taxi. I want to go back to the hotel.
How much do I have to pay an hour?
The advantage of this hallway is that we can see the whole theater.
This skin?
When's the check-in?
There was a big earthquake this morning.
Unlock this dollar for a change, please.
Nine three nine six seven zero zero.
There were two young men.
We love this wine so much. I hope you enjoy it.
Is there a tour in the afternoon?
Yeah, we have a reservation for you.
It's a red crocodile. It's very tasty, a little crunchy.
I'd like to eat a nice steak.
Please bring me breakfast at seven.
Can you give me a headache medicine?
Somebody's leaving tomorrow.
The price is ninety-nine dollars plus the tax for the night.
A card with my name on the bag.
Excuse me, I want to go to my hotel in town by bus. Where can I take a bus?
Will this work at a hundred volts?
Chicken, please.
Do you know what your prescription is for your lenses?
Do I have to change bus to Lincoln Center?
I need some vitamins.
Wait, please. I'll see if there are any.
Check the tires, please.
Can I bend the back of the seat?
In the spring, the cherry buds in the kilns of some Buddhist temples are very attractive, while in the fall the colorful leaves of the Arashiyama are spectacular alongside the clean air and the river.
Where does it fall?
This is room two zero one. I want to order breakfast tomorrow.
What are the holidays in Japan?
I'm uncomfortable. Please fix it as soon as possible.
I'll send you this picture. Your name and address, please.
Please call me Medori.
I'm going to study science at the university.
What do you think about sexual harassment in the workplace?
Is this all going to be on the same board?
A thief.
What color do you like?
Thank you. How late can I get room service?
I need some shoe paint.
My throat is inflamed.
Where can I find the musical guide?
Sorry I'm late.
Please cut my hair an inch above my eyebrows.
Where's the suitcase claim?
Can you give me a prescription?
I need a seat today.
I want some fruit juice, please.
We should make the best use of this thing.
I want to book a seat for Boston. Can I take the seat today at 3:30 p.m.?
I want to book a seat for Seattle.
We have a different sense of values.
I must first say that I am not an expert on this subject, or that I represent any governmental organization. What I am going to tell you is my whole personal opinion. I welcome my opinion after this reservation.
Let's get you a blood test.
I lost them last night.
Let's have a simple lunch.
What kind of lip paint do you have?
When does the next train to Philadelphia leave?
Not too short. But good chewing.
I want to make an international call. Please call me at three four six three eight one three three in Tokyo.
This fish is overcooked.
No, unfortunately. He needs something more powerful.
Change this in dollars, please.
I'm not from here.
Would you like to take a look at this book?
Algae don't stick to moving stone.
I have two sisters.
You told me the fare was two bucks at the airport.
Please take me to the theater.
A round trip, please.
It shouldn't have been so much.
You want to see a movie or something?
It's not my fault.
No, I don't want to. Can I see another one?
Flight number two zero eight, to Tokyo.
I want to leave the hotel.
How long will it last?
How long does it take to get to Soho on foot?
Where do we get your bags when we get them back?
There's one on the other side of the road.
Fifteen dollars for a diagnosis. I'll give you a prescription.
Do you have a fax service?
Which is colder in the winter, Japan or Australia?
How much is one?
Four doors are convenient.
Then let's cover it from the inside.
No, thank you. I want a check, please.
I'm an intern.
Just because it's a discount ticket, that can't be.
I want a novel written in English that's not hard.
It would be a disruption to get sick, so if I were you, I wouldn't have to go there.
Do you have your receipt?
I think there's something wrong with this bill.
There was an emergency. He couldn't make it.
Let's meet and discuss it further.
Excuse me, can you change this?
We're gonna need to book you on another trip.
Is that 100% skin clear?
I was in a car accident on Ocean Road and 12th Street.
How do you like your hair today?
What time is breakfast?
Switch to a local train in Phoenix.
Will it be a nice day?
I want to send a postcard. Can I have a printer?
I've been in the water about ten times.
We want a room overlooking the pool.
Can you send it to Japan?
You look stressed.
He was born in one thousand nine hundred and sixty.
I'm afraid the sleeves are too long.
Sorry, I can't.
I want to go to Boston.
Do you have any Aramis water for sensitive skin?
Give me more bread, please.
Can you put that another way?
Give me some time to think about it.
I'll use what you have.
There's no confirmation signature on it.
We want a table near the theater.
Can I have some jam?
What about this? It's only a hundred dollars. It's worth every penny of it.
Can we have a meal?
I'm fine. Okay, are you going somewhere?
I'm looking for a leather shoe.
In the morning, yes, but at noon, the weather is overwhelming.
Do we have to book in advance?
Stay on the line, please.
I'm not counting on that.
Dinner won't be served till seven.
Say it again?
I'm going to bed. Can you get my meal later?
We celebrate the new year after the previous year passed peacefully.
It's two thousand and four hundred meters high.
Is there a police station near here?
Come in. Please put it on the table over there.
The blue jacket is missing.
Please cancel my card number.
Pay me.
I'll take you there.
Do you know a pharmacy with Japanese medicine?
There's a good record store near here.
I'm here on vacation.
I don't enjoy watching others play. I like to play myself.
That's not possible.
A glass, please.
We can't do that here.
In the direction of turning?
I'm sure I gave you a fifty-dollar bill.
We can't change currencies.
Call Chicago, please, eight seven seven six five zero seven.
Turn left on the bright sign.
Where's the closest dress mix?
Sorry, I'm out, but we'll be back in a few days.
Can I have a spray, please?
Two first-class tickets, please.
Can I have some coffee?
The bus will take you back here at six.
Where is it?
I don't have a date, but it's urgent.
It's bad.
Where's the elevator?
I want to go somewhere nice.
No, you can't sell it for that high price?
Can I find him easily?
We can get multiple types of imported goods from well-known brands.
Where can I play roulette?
Do you have a safe deposit box?
I'm glad you did. Please send my warmest greetings to your family.
Please call a cab at ten in the morning.
I'd like to, but I have to go. I might miss the last train.
I wonder how they make it.
Dry skin treatments, please.
Please deposit seventy-five cents for three minutes extra.
Do you have a booklet on the shows?
Where's the subway entrance?
Please tell me the bill after the call.
Do I have to wear formal clothes?
I lost my plane ticket.
I'm just watching.
What's the opening date in this botanical garden?
Excuse me, I'm lost. Where's the exit?
You want me to tell you?
This is for you.
Have you ever been to New York?
These are personal belongings.
What's that cloth?
When's the ride?
Take the N-line express to Canal Street, then switch to the S-line.
I'm a teacher.
I have a master of science degree from Kyoto University.
Give me fifteen gallons of two-star fuel, please.
I got trapped in kids who stuffed my clothes with ice cream, and then my wallet disappeared.
The actor is really great.
This is my green card.
Where's the lifeguard?
I got it. Thank you so much.
That day was in the past to celebrate the rice harvest.
Well, I'd like to copy this report.
Do you have anything light?
I'd like to narrow it down five centimeters.
I'd like to book a private room in a sleeping car.
We have a huge selection of desserts including cakes and ice cream.
Just let him know I called and I'll call him back later this afternoon.
Can't you stay here for the holidays?
Do you have a road map to take?
Oh, sorry to bother you.
Can you book in the show?
It's hot. Can you do something?
Is there a public restroom near here?
What's the name of this plant?
That's bullshit.
Walking hurts.
I was chased by the triggered mermaid.
Please step away.
Don't shoot.
You can put your bags under your seat on the floor.
Is the counter working?
Our seats are C fifteen and C sixteen. Can you show us the seats?
Is there a room available tonight?
Have a good trip.
Two tickets for tomorrow.
Where to, sir?
I'd like to borrow it, if you don't mind.
Excuse me, please.
What's the total?
What's the soup today?
That's very good. Now the questions, please.
I want to get something for my husband.
What's that wrap on white paper?
What's the name of this fruit?
Do you have any change for the wait list?
I don't remember where I left them.
I'll visit him tomorrow.
I'd like to check the time of departure.
I think the weather will be better tomorrow.
Vienna.
There's no place to put the luggage.
I'd like to book two seats for New York on August 3rd.
It was more than I could eat.
What do people say about this meeting?
Our biggest selling product in the last four years is the A-X four five zero.
I want to hire a Japanese-speaking guide for half a day.
Oh, no buses on Sundays.
Waitress, the bill, please.
Did you know the date?
Sure, sir. What about the appetizer?
I lost my passport somewhere.
The port authority charges nine dollars fifty cents. The hotel takes eleven dollars.
Where's the Porpoise?
It was nice of you to let me out of town.
The room is really cold.
Do you have green tea?
Should I turn left?
We want to spend thirty dollars a person.
Yeah, thank you.
How about you go to the beach with me on Sunday?
Someone hit my car while I parked it.
The survey showed that fourteen percent of respondents would buy a product like what we make if the price was less than fifty thousand yen.
Is there a beauty shop around here?
The correct time is now seven and twenty-eight in the morning.
Are there any hosts who speak Japanese?
How many stops before we get to the aquarium complex?
I want a quiet restaurant.
Who was the architect?
At the box office at the entrance to the theater.
A great price, isn't it?
Can I turn my seat back?
How far is it to Boston?
What's the exchange rate of the mark?
Hello. This is the outside operator. What number do you want to call?
I hit someone.
How long does it take for air mail to arrive?
You have to take it ninety-nine times a day, before meals.
Well, I got it, so hurry up.
Let's go to the restaurant by taxi.
I'm in pain.
Please take my bag.
I want to book a flight from Japan Airlines number one to Tokyo on the tenth.
The cost of processing is subject to change.
I got soaked in the rain.
This statement is wrong.
I really like him.
Look at the lip trail, huh?
Try Hertz in the other office.
Well, great.
How long has it been like this?
Is there a Chinese restaurant near here?
Yes, this is Sugaku Miyanishi, room three zero three.
Who did I issue this receipt for?
What's he doing at the theater?
This size right here, in this drawing.
I want a triple.
Shit. I should have bought it when I had the chance.
I want a sports jacket.
What am I gonna see if I go that way?
Sorry, I didn't realize you were coming today.
I don't blame you for being angry.
I agree. I'd like to go look for accessories tomorrow.
I hear the word " ringishi " is used a lot in Japan.
Rent slippers and high-heeled shoes, please.
Do you have a pencil?
You can stay at my house.
Can you get this dress to my hotel after the length adjustment?
I'm looking for dresses.
Can I turn back my seat, please?
I need an UV filter.
Great. I was looking for a cab, but this is better.
Happy new year.
That's a great coat. Is it British?
Do I have to pay up front?
Put it on the balance, please. The bill is three dollars five and thirty cents.
Wrap these up one by one, put a tape on each, please.
Isn't there a little bar?
Where's the nearest clothing store?
Do you have any other products specific to your country?
You taking the cream?
I want to go to the Harvard Center. Can you tell me when we get there?
Is this bus going to Green Park?
Where do we meet?
I can't handle the key in my door lock.
Please give me three bottles of Scotch.
Can you spoil it as a gift?
That number no longer exists.
Two adults and two children, please.
Remember to fill the car with gas before you return it.
How much is a gallon?
Can you get me a cup of coffee?
Can I stay and use the facilities longer?
I'm lost. Do you know where the ABC is?
Non-smoking section, please.
Give me a room key, even nine-zero-two, please.
You take this card?
I put in some money, but nothing came out.
We want seats by the window.
It's nice of you to take your time.
Do you have a card with the address of the hotel?
I want to order breakfast.
Don't you have another shadow of color in this engraving?
There are two kinds, this and that.
What's the price?
No, I'm afraid not.
I want room service.
Where can I register for international service?
The Star Wars movie was the most popular movie of the year, one thousand nine hundred and eighty-four.
Can I put my bags here?
Sorry, the pantyhose is open.
Can you lend me some tools, please?
Where's the non-smoking section?
The letter " T " as in Tom, yes, there it is, Taro.
Not yet. Can you give us a few more minutes?
Could you please tell me about the transportation system here? I like to travel around the country.
How long before we get to Sydney?
Where can I take a bus to Boston?
Do you have the same card but different colors?
I want shampoo.
Economy class seat to L.A., please.
How high is this mountain?
I think it's a beautiful view.
It's too wide for me. Can I try this one?
I want some apples, please.
Excuse me, have you been working here a long time?
It'll cost three hundred dollars to fix.
You carrier.
Why this line?
Do I need a reservation?
I booked a British Airways flight one three five to Paris on the third of July.
Is there a restaurant main area here?
How much is the airmail?
I'm in a hurry to go?
How do you make a living?
Can you re-release it?
Okay, I'll take it, but a small piece, please.
What's the use of that?
If you're asleep when you serve meals, please don't bother me.
Can I shed some money on New York?
Where is the office of American Airlines Limited?
I ordered another cup of coffee by mistake.
Can I send this on tape?
Well, tell your son we have jazz musicians on Popcorn Street, and in clubs everywhere.
This bridge is about twice as long as that one.
Would it be tax-exempt if I sent him to Japan from here?
Can I talk to Mary?
What credit cards do you accept?
Where's the missing persons office?
More ketchup and kisses, please.
Take me to a doctor.
The toilet's blocked.
Can I have a schedule?
Thank you. Can I buy men's shoes there too?
Yeah, he can speak two languages, but his secretary can't speak Japanese.
Can you issue me a temporary passport, please?
Two strawberry candy.
I'm looking for glue.
You want to check your bags up to Las Vegas?
Can you get me a bigger one?
Come on, I'll give you five bucks or a penny.
Try to remember.
I'll order a big breakfast from room service.
The lock's not working.
Here's twenty-one dollars. Keep the change.
It'll take you fifteen minutes.
We'll issue you a temporary passport.
Coke is big.
Best wishes for your promotion.
No, it's available.
I have plenty of time.
Sorry, I think there's an error in my bill. Can you check it, please?
Is there any food on the tour?
Oh, no. All the shops are closed on Sunday.
Is this a beginner's slope?
Fill me up, please.
Do you know a gynaecologist nearby?
Okay, it's lunch time. You want to discuss it at lunch?
Can you get it by tomorrow?
She's more beautiful than her sister.
He stole the videotape from my room.
You can't get cash back at this airport. Put this copy in the envelope and put it in this mailbox.
I got B's in all.
How long are the cuts going on now?
Japanese tea, please.
Where can I buy leather goods at a reasonable price?
Hello, my name is Oda. I have a reservation tonight, but I'll be late. So please leave me the reservation.
Is that shoe stiff?
Please tell him I'm waiting for his call.
No, but there's English and Japanese in your ear.
Can I cancel my order?
I don't like this look.
Could you send a baggage carrier for me?
Twenty bucks an hour. Pick whatever you want.
Which is the fastest subway or taxi?
They say the flu is out there.
Can you make two copies here?
Well, it's not easy to explain to someone who doesn't play it.
Sure we have. It's a class item over there, see?
Will I need a sweater?
He just came in.
Would you recommend a good, cheap restaurant near this hotel?
Sorry, reservation is complete for tomorrow night.
I'm with some friends.
I want some candy, please.
Give me a short tour of the city, please.
Can you give me a discount?
Can you stop by my hotel tonight?
According to Guru, Mr. Yamada has two children.
No, with cream, please.
I thought it was perfect.
Are you telling me I can't get a ride because the flight is overbooked?
Please show me one of the opera glasses. How much do you charge as a mortgage?
I hope you like this color and style.
Can you say that again?
I want a schedule for the trains.
I want to limp on the Tower of London.
I'll have a whiskey with ice cubes.
Can you give us your opinion on this point?
Can I get you some breakfast?
I want to reserve a table for dinner tonight.
Here, keep the rest.
I'm going down to the Alfa Hotel.
Why are CDs so cheap here?
The rate is seventy-five cents. Please give me the correct change.
I like jazz.
Will you check the bags individually at customs?
I would like to book a one-room in your hotel for three nights from July 1st.
To the Grand Hotel.
But the sign doesn't say " to the Golden Gate Bridge. " We have to ask someone, " Excuse me, is this the right stop to go to the Golden Gate Bridge? "
Please, tie the belts.
Yeah, there she is.
Yeah, can I help you?
Call the waitress at this table, please.
I want some alcohol ready for burning.
Can I continue traveling?
The area code is three. The phone number is two three four three four zero.
Excuse me, is there a bridge near here?
Is there anyone to look after?
Take care of yourself.
I've had enough, thank you.
Is it necessary to wear a jacket and a tie?
Sorry, I want to use the lounge.
Which class is the prettiest in this country?
It's about twenty minutes away.
Can I order a glass of wine?
She's busy.
His clothes are always old-fashioned.
I'll take you to your room.
I want to confirm my reservation.
You better get a full-blown exam at a general hospital.
Hello, this is the external contact person. What number do you want to call?
Next to the Singapore Airlines office there.
Do you have any seafood?
This isn't working well.
That's kind of expensive.
I'd like to, but I'm afraid I can't this time.
Can I have my key, please? Room number is one fifteen.
Well, I don't know yet, but I'll definitely try.
Take this prescription to a pharmacy.
Can I have a seat in this hallway, please? We want a non-smoking seat.
Salt, please.
Miss Yoshi Sawa. The number is three four five six seven eight nine zero.
On behalf of Yamato Kojiyo, I should like to thank you very much for your kindness and help in managing this session to end with such good results.
I can't move.
Sorry, I'm looking for this address.
My luggage's been badly damaged.
Please use the measuring room over there.
Where's the nearest entrance?
Single room with bathroom, please.
I should avoid sugary foods.
A seat by the window, please.
I want to reserve a table for two.
That sounds fun. What are you waiting for?
Is this exempt from customs?
I want to set my watch. It's about two minutes late every day.
What a small world.
I want to rent some water slides.
Ninety bucks for a ticket. Cash or card?
No, let me take a look first.
Can you leave the table for me, please?
Is there a fee?
Where's the field?
Thank you. We'll wake you up at eight.
Can I change it for a trip closer to Thursday?
And if Renji writes the original plan and distributes it to the relevant parties to get their approval.
Sorry, but it's full at this time.
Do you have any eczema rings?
How do Japanese parents raise their children?
You gonna play with me?
Fill out this recipe, please.
Can you tell me about the hours?
Call me when you have the opportunity to visit Tokyo.
That's the word.
Do you have any sightseeing tours?
You'll get me that PC, will you?
Please wrap them all up.
I want a video tape, please.
I'm afraid I can't pay more than sixty dollars a night.
I'll have a coffee with milk.
Sure. Fill out this form and sign it, please.
You better not stay up all night.
When do I have to get back on the bus?
I don't have a fork.
Do you have a flight to Las Vegas?
I can't move my left leg because it hurts so much.
Where's the baggage claim?
Can you put some water in my cup?
I remember taking a picture at the restaurant where we had lunch.
I got here by train from London at twelve and fifty minutes.
Yeah, I did. When are you gonna re-release it for me?
Do you have anything light?
Good evening. How many people are at your party?
Please go.
Sorry, sir, but our reservations are complete.
Can you donate that, please?
I want to go to the bathroom.
My stomach is heavy.
What's the inflation rate?
The Cincinnati Reds are down three rounds.
Where's the snowboarding area?
Yeah, can you tell him Noriko Ito called?
Where can I pay for the extra distance?
Where's the bus for this line?
I want some moss.
That sounds good. Where can we wait for you?
Can we start playing when they're done?
Am I gonna punish you for crying for no reason?
I fell off the stairs.
Wash this before 9:00 tomorrow morning.
I want to go fishing.
She's offering us high-quality coffee.
Can you fix this heels for me?
I want to know the time of my arrival flight.
It's right there. Please take one.
Can we use a tennis can this afternoon?
Japan's population is about one hundred and twenty million.
Can you get me breakfast at 8:00 tomorrow morning?
Are you from here?
What kind of leather did you make this wallet of yours?
Fill out the following items in the registration card.
Where can I get the bus to the city park?
Can I have my belongings back?
You have beautiful eyes.
Where's my seat, please?
I want an UV filter, please.
Can I see cheaper than this?
I want a table for non-smokers, please.
Is this the best quality you have?
What would you like to drink, my lady?
Excuse me, are you going to the three, seven, twenty?
Excuse me, where's the bar?
Thank you. Keep the rest.
Okay, I'll call you back later, thank you.
Is there a playground?
Do you have two tickets to " Beauty and the Beast " Wednesday?
Do you have a full-day tour?
When do we get to New York?
We've put that kind of position exactly in our accounts.
I have to go now.
I'm afraid he won't be here until tomorrow.
Can you take me to the hospital?
Where's the nearest night pharmacy?
Would it be okay if we just took the candy?
Okay, let's look at everything thoroughly.
Traffic was terrible in the Atsugi area, wasn't it?
Do you have silk scissors? I'm looking for a gift for my wife.
It's too wide.
The fish you mean is fujo. It has double poison in its liver and ovaries.
We'll get it right away. What's your room number?
I thought this concert was really good.
Where's the luggage room?
Can I take pictures inside?
I can't run it alone.
I've never seen such a wide view.
I want to see a bone marrow practitioner.
Yeah, I haven't felt well in about two days.
I have diarrhea.
Why does he serve lunch at three?
Friday's all booked up to 8:30.
Mr. Kobayashi was looking for you.
Can you wrap it up, please?
Please tell me the names of some good restaurants.
I want to go from Shanghai to Hawaii by boat.
When can you re-release it?
Let me think about it. I'll check some other stores.
How about ten dollars for three?
I don't want to spend more than thirty dollars on a piece.
Can you send someone?
Can you change the Japanese yen here?
I think this is much better than that.
Can you get it ready by 5:00 tomorrow night?
Please speak Japanese.
I want a piece of chocolate, please.
Stand here, please.
That sounds exciting. When does the tour start?
I booked a car for two days in Japan.
Can you tell me where to register for this trip?
Can you take a picture of me, please?
I want a printer for this postcard, please.
It takes ten minutes on foot.
Can I rent a helmet and a saw?
Can I have another wine?
Who built this?
Is the warranty valid in Japan?
No, we don't.
I've been to Sydney.
Before we finish, can you give me a few minutes?
When's he coming?
Excuse me, can you get me another fork, please?
Is there a mosque near here?
Can I have it without a medical booklet?
Don't I suggest you pick this now?
I want to stay here tonight.
Where can I park my car?
I'm in the media business.
Thank you. Where can I get a phone card?
Release separate checks, please.
What kind of food do you like?
About thirty dollars.
I feel cold and my stomach hurts so bad.
Can you draw a map?
You're wide-eyed.
The number is two two three one one one.
Whiskey and water, please. Do you have a snack with him?
How can I turn off the light?
Oh, he's really nice. He looks really nice to you.
What's your destination?
One ticket, please.
I hope it stays that way.
I like to visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Lincoln Center, too.
After the hurricane, we usually have a winter day.
Yeah, that would be fine. How much is the extra paint for the double copies?
How long do I have to wait for him to arrive?
Police officers, we have a search warrant.
Is he too busy today?
When's the break?
Can it be shortened by two centimeters?
I'll see what I can do.
I have to get on a plane at two.
Thank you very much. This is the line change ticket.
I went to the area.
I ate my meals on coupons.
I want some rope.
Give me a medical certificate, please.
Which one is lightest?
I'd like to cut it down one inch from this area.
I'm just watching, thank you.
Two hamburgers and a cup of coffee, please.
We really have to do something about it. I have to go back to Tokyo tomorrow.
The tenth and eleventh of October, departing on the twelfth.
How much is the lead?
How's the water?
These are gifts for my friends.
When is it over?
I don't feel well. Please give me some medicine.
My fork fell.
I hope it's all right for me tomorrow, too.
Do I have to wear formal clothes?
I want two tickets to the 8:00 show.
Excuse me. Can you tell me when you open?
Can I pick a Japanese newspaper, please?
Okay. Can I leave the car anywhere? What's the parking fee?
This ticket is invalid.
Thirty-five hours, except for an hour for lunch. What about your company in Japan?
This tower is six hundred and thirty-four feet high.
I want a car stereo, please.
What bus goes to the city center?
Do you mind looking at my draft after I finish it?
Okay, I'll send you the ad right away.
You have a police report, right? What are your check numbers?
The line is off.
Is there a high-speed train to Boston?
Where's the evidence?
Somo wrestling is the national sport in Japan.
When are you wearing a kimono?
Yes. I would like to use a visa card. The number is four nine zero eight one five one two three six seven seven six zero zero four.
Do you have a size sixteen of this, red?
I need full insurance.
Have a good trip?
What do you like to do?
Is the London weather always this crazy?
Please be my correspondence friend.
Please tell him to call me back as soon as he gets back. Here's number three five four eight one one three nine. Hilton Hotel, room twelve zero nine.
I'm staying with a friend.
When are the NBA Finals?
I don't like this kind of thing.
What train goes to Berlin?
I'm so upset, I can't stay still.
I broke the vase by mistake.
Do I serve whiskey before or after soup?
Could you put this bag somewhere else?
We'll follow developments carefully after we return to Japan.
Can I get off at the Hilton?
I want you to take it off.
Sure, don't worry. I got it all.
Good. What about Japan?
Sorry, but the hotel is all booked.
Can we take pictures inside the museum?
Turn left on this street and turn right at the first turn.
These artificial nails will lengthen your nails.
Well, good. I hope it doesn't happen again.
I want to know if this set of dishes can be shipped to Tokyo.
I want a bubble bath.
I have to get off. This is the wrong train.
I'd like some physical strength.
My bowl is missing.
It could be an excess wormhole.
Without it, please.
Can you show me that?
What should I do when I get the car back?
Why don't we talk? We're having coffee.
Isn't there any wet food that isn't too hot?
Is he nearby to walk to?
What's your special dish?
It'll be over at one o'clock in the afternoon.
I want to cancel the other dishes because it takes a long time.
- Yes, he enjoys cocktails.
Somebody call the police.
I'm looking for a souvenir for my mom.
Where's my location on this map?
Maybe. I'm not.
I locked the car and the key in it.
I'm saying you're about fifty-five.
I want some hand cream.
Turn right here is not allowed.
Can you pass me the salt?
Is there a garage nearby for car repairs?
This request is wrong.
I intend to spend tomorrow shopping.
That's lovely.
I want to go to Wall Street. How do I get there?
Yeah, it's my first trip.
I'd like to move to another room.
Would it be okay if I added a golf club?
Where's the general store?
I left my bag in my seat. Can you look for it?
A roast duck sandwich. Light the steak, please.
I'm saying summer here isn't bad.
You're a lucky man. They found it in the front office and they're keeping it there as a missing camera.
I want it half-cooked, please.
You have to pay extra when you leave the car.
How do you tie the seat belt?
I'm calling the guard.
It's full. There's nothing we can do.
Walk straight ahead for two square blocks.
Call an ambulance, please.
Excuse me, when does the plane arrive in Tokyo?
Is this ticket still available?
Do you need an ink pen, or a pencil?
Don't trust this guy.
Do you have a map of the biking sport?
Size ten, ma'am. The red cards are on size ten.
With a little change, please.
Yeah, we have. Do you like to read some Japanese magazines, too?
- Stirred, please.
Yes, it is. We call the rainy season in Japan " Tsuyo. "
Fill the tank, please.
Too much exercise hurts you.
I don't feel my right hand.
Sure, but there's no other double room for the night.
Including breakfast, tax, and service fee, the bill will be five forty dollars per person per night.
How long should I cut it?
Should everyone come down?
Could you speak a little slower, please?
Can you fix this?
Is this the medicine my family doctor prescribed?
It is said that the history, traditions and culture of a nation are not what they appear on its national holidays.
Will this flight take off on time?
No, but you can ask for this number for help in Japanese. One eight hundred.
Let me take a look at this car.
Can you recommend a good store selling antique watches, please?
Yeah, I'll remember that.
I want a switch, a FISH, a Breeze. The voltage in this country is different from ours, and so are the electrical appliances.
There were four young men.
Good evening.
I think I got a twist in my back.
I can't find your luggage.
You want me to cut the slack a little bit?
We need you to move to ABC.
Normal size, please.
My name is Chiba, room three five forty.
We take twenty paid vacations a year.
My bags aren't here.
Speaking of touch, the American man normally puts his hand behind the lady's back.
Where's the food you ordered?
Because I'm going to prepare salmon in a manner that's moner.
Nice of you to call to check on me.
I'm not feeling any better.
It's tired of carrying a lot of stuff around, so I'm gonna buy my ticket on the last day.
The top movie starts in a few minutes. Do you like some moisturizers?
Go straight, please.
I'm from Morocco.
Is it safe to drink the water here?
Put the bag over there and the big bag in the closet, please.
It's not good to buy cheap stuff.
Here are your tickets and confirmation for the hotel.
Send me a doctor, please.
I can go all afternoon.
Thank you. That's all I need right now.
Thank you very much. Your room number is seventeen. This is your key. Our baggage carrier will carry you.
Take off your clothes and lie down here.
Do you mind if I turn off the radio?
The reaction of the dealers to the product was good.
I really want some hot water.
Let's all pay for ourselves.
Oh, come on. Just two bucks.
Waitress.
Can you change this dress to a bigger one?
You took my little brothers to the zoo?
Good evening, we met again.
Just a reminder. You know we don't have that kind of taxi in Japan.
Okay, let's go. I can help you with your homework after we have some pizza.
Yes, Mr. Tanaka, there are two letters for you.
Can I take pictures inside the museum?
What kind of game do five or six-year-olds play in England?
I want to book a flight from Japan Airlines No. 6 to New York on the twelfth.
It's not my thing.
I think that's a good idea. If there are no objections, I'd like to.
Tomorrow is another day.
How can I get there by limousine?
The only tour left for today is the city tour. All the other tours are night tours.
Made in Italy?
What line goes to London station?
Do you have children?
It's not your fault.
Maybe I can help you. Do you need vitamin C?
This way, please. Sixth and seventh of this row.
Where's the round slope?
No tricks.
Can you send me prints about your new product?
Is this a 8mm camera a gift?
I want a flash.
I need a wake-up call, please.
You mean you don't want to compromise with them?
Yeah, I will. When are we leaving here?
My name is Rizza Kobayashi and the number I live in now is two zero six five two five three one six eight.
I want a radio for the jacket, please.
How long are you staying here?
It takes a few days.
My wallet got stuck on the train.
Good morning, sir. Can I help you?
I'll be there after dinner.
I'll sign a contract by next week.
Five. I'd like you to add the tables together.
This is a bad switch. Please give me three extra dollars.
I want to get off at Central Station. Please let me know when we get there.
It's too far. You better take a cab.
Is it real leather?
Please call a cop.
Which club is the best in jazz?
I want a seat over the hallway, please.
I live in an apartment with eighty thousand yen a month.
I didn't get it.
I lost my handbag.
Can I have a box for packing?
I want dry shampoo.
May I interrupt you?
The weather is mild.
Yes, I will. Please send my best to Mrs. Kawakami, too.
Offer me a bigger size.
Let me see how much it weighs.
Can you add lettuce and tomatoes?
Please call a taxi at two o'clock.
I got a piece in my finger.
How much does this cost in Japan?
He'll be arriving in Portland by noon.
It's too expensive for me.
Have you finished your lunch?
Can you wrap this up for me?
Can you describe yours?
Please put it in a bag.
Can you wait for me while I visit the cathedral?
Excuse me. Do you mind if I swap seats with you?
Let's change the ends.
She better fill out this customs form and get it.
Can I borrow a pen?
I'll take a big tablespoon of coconut ice cream over a biscuit cone, please.
Do you like a drink?
Yeah, of course.
What's your name again, please?
Let me see that.
I came to take my pictures.
Go to the side and turn left at the traffic signal.
Please shorten the sleeves.
I have a mild fever and I also have chest pain on my right side when I cough.
Do you prefer smaller or larger hair masks?
Twenty bucks in advance.
Where's the roulette table?
I want to go to the subway station.
We'll be there at 3:30 local time.
I want to go to the fifth street. What's the fee, please?
I want a single room with a bathroom for eighty dollars, please.
Can I get you something to drink?
Where's the nearest candy store?
Oh, yeah. I want to send that package to Japan. It has a native art piece for Australia.
Oh, you're driving too fast. Could you slow down?
Can I have some red wine, please?
What's the room fee?
Please give me the one on the shelf.
I'll take care of this table.
Wrap these up one by one.
It's too big in here.
Good evening. Star Hotel. How can I help you?
I put in for forty bucks for a coke, but nothing came out of the machine.
Can you point me to a place where a lot of young people gather?
Can I change the airline?
Can I cash some tourist checks?
I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
After the departure, we'll tell you more about our service today. For now, if we can offer something to make your trip fun, please order it.
Please call me in room twelve four thirty.
Can you take me to a doctor, please?
Please show me the full account.
I want to deposit my valuables in the hotel vault.
The food's cold.
Is there a good men's clothing store?
That's it.
She's been here three years.
I want to book a tennis court at three o'clock for an hour.
Every time I fail, I succeed the next time.
Is this for kids?
Well, I prefer a scent that doesn't smell too bad.
At my friend's house.
What can I do for you?
Do you have a room available tonight?
How much is the return ticket?
Yeah, but make sure you have your ticket with you.
Sorry, we're not making any reservations.
Where should I go?
Can you take me to the nearest police station?
You'll get the tax separately.
Where is the place most people recommend visiting?
Why don't you put some pepper on it?
I want some Italian food.
I need some space.
How much does it cost to send?
How much does it cost to get in?
Hurray.
I'll be in L.A. at five.
I feel a sharp pain in my chest.
It's a big blue samsonite bag with lots of posters on it.
Can I resume my trip?
Well, tickets will be waiting for you at the theater ticket window. Thanks for calling Broadway Ticket.
I think these numbers haven't been added.
We have a problem.
This plane is two hours late.
Is it possible it's raining?
Excuse me, but does this train stop in Baltimore?
The laundry I was hanging in the bathroom is gone.
Yeah, thanks. I want a cup of tea.
Only a few people will join the selection round.
I bet you ten bucks.
A tourist guide book.
Please show me how to do it.
I really like this coat you're wearing.
Don't worry. Anyway, please take me to Chinatown. I'll try to find him myself.
Do you know of any single places to stay in Chicago?
About five thousand yen. Something for a young lady.
New people are hiring in April.
I hope so.
Where can I find the billboard?
Can you open the door for me, please?
Two whiskies with water, please.
What's in the mood now?
Is there a break?
Look, do me a favor. Go to the bathroom, open a window and wait there.
Yes, sir, Peru Gino on the west side.
Did you keep that cup here?
Please leave the hotel before nine.
I'll have vegetable soup and grilled pork chops, please.
Who's playing?
Where can I find the subway?
Please show me another color.
Is there a night ski?
I want to book a room for the night.
After you're done with the police, please call me again so I can give you the other numbers you need.
She's swelling and there's a pulse.
Can you call me if you find my bag?
Please ship it to this address.
To the left, please.
This record player isn't working. I want my money back.
It's beautiful.
Oh, I'd like that.
This is Mr. Yamamoto, room three, five, thirty. The people in the next room are making a big noise. I want to change the room.
Do you have anything narrower?
How long do we make this contract?
A glass of Staples.
How much is the license?
How much is this coin?
I have period pains.
Would you stand by me for a picture?
As usual.
I got shot.
It's long.
No, do you like to report it?
To the beautiful bride Susan, good luck.
Sorry, ma'am, your diaper fell off.
Air mail, please.
Do you want a seat by the window or by the hallway?
Hey. Can you tell me how to get tickets to today's game? We're staying in Manhattan now.
That tooth in the front hurts me.
Which A section are you going to?
Thanks. I'm going to a party.
I want a movie for this camera fast, please.
What are the latest computer games for a fifteen-year-old?
Can you call a doctor, please?
Not really. But I have a mild headache.
Is there a big jazz concert?
I came here to do marketing research.
Please see what you can do for me.
Can I invite you to lunch?
- Visa. - What?
We'll see you tomorrow.
Is there a cheaper restaurant near here?
I want some laundry powder.
No, but thanks. I'm feeling better.
Do you have any bread?
How good are you at playing the violin?
Sure. I said, " You know Mr. Howe?
Thanks for the advice. I'll try that next time.
Are you allergic to certain medications?
No, thank you.
My friend slipped and fell in the bathroom.
I want a cigarette lighter.
I don't think so. It's a great idea.
Turn on the air conditioner, please.
I want a metal water bottle.
Christianity was banned and the country was closed to the rest of the world.
Can you spare me some nice places to visit for a day?
Can I hire a guide today?
What part of the United States are you from?
Please convert this money into pounds.
That depends on how long the trip is.
How much do you want?
Would you take off your clothes until you're in your pants?
I'm from Israel.
Ah, his throat is oil-filled.
Where do I get the textbooks?
A shrimp mixture for her, and for me.
I got hit by a car.
We need a toast, please.
The fridge is broken.
Please take this form and fax it back to him.
See you later.
Is this the train dock for Paris?
Welcome. It was a pleasant surprise.
Wow. Are there still Army parties?
But the station names are mostly written in Japanese only.
What does a worm do in a wheat field?
What do you want?
Thank you very much, but can you tell me the day you intend to do that?
I think you've sat in my seat.
Could you sign here and the first letters of your name here?
Then I won't have much time.
It was a pleasure to visit your headquarters and to have important discussions with you.
For non-smokers, please.
I want to go to Manhattan. How much will it cost me?
Please book us a good restaurant nearby, and put it on the map.
You have to go through another gate if you want to get to the Shankanshan Pier.
Where's the cinema?
It's a kimoto.
Can you take me to someone who speaks Japanese?
Four days.
Let me count it. It'll be fourteen and fifty.
The United Airlines flight one seven five is late. Please wait ten minutes.
Okay, I'll buy it.
Your cover is annoying.
Does this price include taxes, service and breakfast?
I don't like the color of it at all. Can I return it?
Get out that door, and wait at Station Six.
Red chicken, please.
Let me talk about the meal times in this house.
I'm having a high fever.
Are you done with your homework?
Can I have some pepper?
Let's call him on the phone.
Yeah, I want something to read.
I plan to spend my summer vacation in Europe this year.
There must be people from all over the world in this place.
Where is this play being performed right now?
Give me the check, please.
It's made up of three slices of chicken and also with toast and mixed vegetables.
The next room is very noisy. Can you alert them?
He hit me.
Don't worry about that. We'll take care of it.
We need a place like about thirty dollars a person.
Excuse me, can you tell me what kind of food is on the menu?
Please tell me what the cheapest disco in this town is.
Please show me how to use the phone.
It's a card-shaped key. You can keep it.
When does the museum open, please?
I want to go to a classical concert.
What are the common forms now?
I'm Mr. Takahashi in room five nine forty. Please send four bottles of Budweiser.
I want something pork.
How much will it cost with the wallet?
Excuse me, it's the second door on the left.
Yeah, we have the address book and the city guide.
Please keep my valuables in your closet.
Be careful.
Hurry up. Let's go, will you calm down, ma'am? Come down, sir, please. Thank you. Stay here. Take your time. Please. We need two more bottles of Wild Turkey.
My limbs froze from the cold.
Please tell her I want to meet her tomorrow.
I'm staying with my friend.
Where's the evidence?
This food looks delicious.
Ten-dollar regular gasoline on the three-point pump, please.
My package includes this optional flight.
How can I get to that place? Do you mind drawing a map for me?
I'll think about it.
I have to be careful not to get cheated on for my little unit money.
That's seventy dollars.
The food that experts cook is becoming more popular these days.
It was fun.
How long will it take to get to Japan by air mail?
I got my hand hurt.
Please call me at the hotel when you find my bags.
What do you say Tuesday?
Do you guys schedule half-day trips?
I don't understand English very well. Can I have someone who speaks Japanese?
Hello, my name is Murray. I have a reservation at 7:00.
I'm waiting for my friend.
I'm from Russia.
I want a call to wake me up at 8:30 tomorrow morning, please.
What did you order?
Please, take me to Mr. Tanaka's room eighty-two.
More toast, please.
I want to rent a racket.
Do you want coffee or tea after lunch?
Can I stop by the road?
What kind of meat is that?
How much is a hundred bucks?
It's a huge leather bag.
Yeah, but that's too much, and I've already filled it.
How can I go to the museum?
I want a mouthwash.
I feel sick.
Yeah, give me a Coke, please.
Confucius lived in the fifth century BC.
Pick one for me, please.
Are you offering any big discounts?
Is it made of leather?
I'll be at the next number all evening. One, two, two, three, one, seven, seven.
We have soybean soup that melts.
Tokyo zero three four times nine four five six seven.
How common is bed use in Japan?
In New York.
When can I get the pictures?
It's too tight in here.
It's a fast movie. Can I direct the movie?
Order a cabbage salad outside the store, please.
Can we play now?
Thanks for that.
To our friendship.
Please, what is the station before New York?
You're kidding, aren't you?
I can't seem to keep up with my roommate. He's always smoking. I can't take it.
Is there a concert tonight or tomorrow night?
Sorry, time to go.
Passage number seven.
I know the hamburger in this place tastes good.
We're so happy you did it.
Hello. I'm an international call center. What number do you want to ask for?
Can you turn off the air conditioning?
Do you mind another color?
It's Kimura K.Y.M. and R.A.
Please convert this to US dollars.
I want to find the entrance.
Can I have the medicine on the leaflet?
Is the explanation in English?
Please, help me find the zoo.
Chocolates, please.
I came to pick up my lost bag.
Can you tell me how to fix it, please?
When is the bus ride coming to an end?
This is a seafood restaurant, right?
Which way do I go?
Which way out?
Is this Cassid Ltd?
Show me how to use the phone.
I want this, please.
Sure. We have some pretty original American bookmarks.
What's the emergency number?
The width seems a little tight. Is that okay?
Can you think of something else?
When should I come in?
We have a special offer on apple pie for fifty cents no more.
I want a pillow and a blanket, please.
8: 00, please.
See you later.
My U.E. One Zero Three is March 10th.
What floor are the restaurants on?
I'm sorry.
How do I get to the nearest post office, please?
Show me your landing card, please.
I booked at the airport.
Can I have a lemonade?
How do I get to the post office?
Show me the price list, please.
We're together.
It's a small world, isn't it?
Please give me two air mails.
What's your phone number, please?
You can come by any time of the night.
I hope you accept this as a token of our appreciation and recognition.
What's the size in centimetres?
We booked a table for nine.
I'm out of print.
They meet in restaurants.
Are taxis cheap?
It's nice of you to say that.
I want an operator who speaks Japanese, please.
Can you get me a cab in the morning?
What are the deadlines?
Can I buy a quarter pound of meat?
Really? Thank you very much. I'd like to borrow a few books for her to read during the holidays. Three books is enough.
Give me breakfast number two.
In this case, please go to the claims office with your claim card.
Is there a bedroom?
It's a bit wide for me. Would you like a smaller size experiment?
What's the cost of a mail to Japan by air mail?
Can I interrupt you?
I'm Mr. Watanabe in room six-zero-seven, I'll be leaving about nine and a half. Send me someone to carry my bags, please.
Is it still possible to skate in Monaco at this time of year?
Do you have a railway ticket?
I was a karate student at school.
I have to be there before 1:30.
How long does it take to get on the train?
Well, I'm about five minutes ahead.
We're interested in fashion.
Are there any historical sites in this place?
Can you drive my car?
It's five and a half. You have thirty minutes to leave.
Do you like this place?
There's not enough paper to write.
When are you gonna finish that?
Which gate will it be?
I want to book a group of five people at six tonight.
Is this the F clinic?
Yeah, but we're asking you to charge the delivery.
You can buy it from the furniture department on the third floor.
I'm from Asia.
Is this the bus that takes me to Japan Airlines?
I want to book a bus.
Please remove this spot.
Really, great. We want a reservation for three people.
I want the time, please.
Okay, Dave, Mark Sachicon and Romy are coming to the party.
I want chips for fifty dollars, please.
Hey, Mrs. Yamagucci? Your team is on the line. I accepted your invitation. Please continue.
You better take a bus.
I'll be there about 7: 00.
What kind of spoilage do you want?
I want to go to a real restaurant in New York that doesn't cost too much.
I'll be at the hotel on September 18th.
I want a map of the slope, please.
I want a sample of your poop.
Wonder why the Japanese are being so unsocial.
We have no choice.
In the case of duty-free goods, pass through the green-light check-in desk.
Please repeat that again.
Unfortunately all the single rooms are reserved, but we still have a few double rooms.
I totally understand that.
Where can I buy a coupon ticket?
What papers do I need to file to rent a car?
I had a car accident.
Do you have a return ticket?
I feel a headache.
When do we get to L.A.?
Do you have a denhal?
Can you suggest a cheap wine?
Walk in the same direction for about five minutes and then turn left.
You're supposed to be involved.
Is there a place I can buy drinks?
I just got to the airport.
Can you get rid of this before nightfall?
For more information on this point, see page twelve of the report.
He was supposed to be home by ten.
Dry.
Yeah, sit down.
Can you suggest some places to visit and then come back the same day?
It's this way towards the beach.
No, thanks. I'm going to the doctor.
This herbal tea helps the body regain its activity.
You didn't make this in Japan, did you?
That ring is beautiful.
I'd like to get this.
When does the showroom open?
I haven't decided yet.
We'll take care of this.
I want a discount, please.
I was so negligent.
You want a white dress?
Can you call a hotel of the same class and find me a room?
Please show me how to find missing baggage data.
When was it built?
I'll tell you as soon as I get there.
All right, take this way. Please, I'll take you to your room.
Is it easy to get there?
We can now invite you to sit down.
Sorry, any of these roads lead to Akasaka.
She's bleeding a lot.
Where can I buy writing tools?
I don't know what it's gonna be like in America.
Please send a tow truck to fifteen Baker Street.
I have the flu.
Tell me about a place with a label shop.
You're kidding.
Do they open on Sundays?
There's been an accident.
Take the counter down, you'll find the office right there.
I want my valuables back, please.
Is Dr. Toffler a committed teacher?
Show me another class?
I have to leave the hotel before noon.
Can you stop in front of Liberty?
My stomach is full now. Can you bring it in half an hour, if that's okay?
Can I pay with this card?
I intend to stay a few days.
The pork should be fresh, you know.
I want to take a look at this blouse.
Well-stacked, in a clear spot.
I ordered a check of two bags, please.
Is there a changing room?
Are Macy's open today?
I want to clean this out with steam.
We want two hamburgers and two coffees, please. We want to eat them out of the store.
I want to book two seats at the party on Tuesday.
I was wrong. Can I get a new one?
What's that " change "?
I'll eat my food here.
Can you show me how to use the pump?
Is there a currency exchange office here?
Yeah, we can rent you a bat and golf shoes.
Oh, you look young.
Our product is lighter and smaller than our competitors, but it's only eight percent more expensive.
Can I keep carrying these two bags?
My remote is down.
Where are the comic books?
What can I get there?
It depends on the circumstances.
It's usually $35, but today there's a 25% discount to $6 and $25.
You sell them separately?
I ordered meat, not fish. Can you change that?
Four oranges.
Where can I get a bus to Chicago?
I don't know yet.
I'd like to play tennis.
It's for my husband.
I can't close the door.
The shrines in Greece were historic.
My baby is very tired.
We'll show a movie in a minute. Please lower the window curtains.
Yeah, these colors are green.
I feel sick.
I'm switching to United Airlines for safety.
This jacket's not my size.
I want to meet Mr. William.
Can you give me one of these new dishes?
It has a selection of seven vitamins and minerals.
The Sun is turbulent.
Yeah, but you have to add " air mail " in this place if you want to air mail it.
Please show me your ID or passport.
It's a performance of the Camellias. It's been a big hit lately.
Yeah, but just one drink.
Can you suggest a good kind of wine?
Tiffany, you mean the jewelry store?
Three bucks for one.
I'm sorry to have to cancel, but it's not our business.
I'm lost. Where are we?
Don't you see how few gravity people are around us?
Can you get me an envelope and some writing paper?
It's my dad.
Okay. Please give this customs clearance card to the officer at the exit gate.
You just have to press this button.
Let's call him on the phone.
Will I get my money back when I get back to Japan?
The weather is nice today.
Okay, wait a minute. Do you want it normal or weird?
Thank you. What kind of jobs do you do?
That's the guy.
Will I have enough time to transfer to PEA three nine nine?
What are the ingredients of this dish?
Let's go.
Can I take this with me now?
In which countries did you make this?
Please send one of the servants to my room.
That's my favorite. I hope you like it.
Can you finish it in ten minutes?
I would like to attend a nightclub. Please book for me.
I spent a lot of money shopping.
I'm not good at English. Does anyone speak Japanese here?
Let me buy you a drink.
We need a doctor, please.
Who can I get a ride to the subway?
Can you suggest a good restaurant near here?
Who are you talking to on the phone?
How much is it to get in?
You could be attacked, especially if you're approaching buildings.
I like watching sports on TV.
Can I lower my seat?
We don't need a carrier.
Do you want to rent a trailer or a wagon?
I want to convert yen to dollars. What is the exchange rate today?
This train stops at E.
Please suggest a hotel.
Can I get a picture with you?
Mickey Hayakawa.
How old is Japan?
Let's dance.
We'll mail you 20 extra samples.
I look young, even though I'm over thirty.
Take me to this place, please.
Hello, is the store open today?
By the corridor, please.
I don't think that's right for me. My skin is a little dry.
Can you put this in the safe deposit box?
Yeah, stop there, please.
I want to cancel my reservation tonight.
I need a cure for indigestion.
Can I have a timetable, please?
The current is so strong that it's not possible to dive using a breathing tube?
Do you mind taking a picture with us?
I'd like to take a trip to the watershed?
I'm in a lot of pain.
Yeah, I think I'll take a look.
Don't you have any gifts or valuables?
Is this train going to Tokyo?
We want a sweet cherry pie, and coffee, please.
I want orange juice, please.
Hello. Are you Mr. Ono?
I'm out of my mind.
Ninety-nine dollars an hour for a child?
Sorry, we're out of this class.
Show us our seats, please.
Please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
You must be quiet.
I have my own equipment.
I want the key to room five zero three, please.
I'm from Northern Ireland?
The amount required, ma'am, is one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
I'm afraid I left my things on the plane.
Do you accept the MasterCard?
What's going on up there?
Please, give me the bill.
The number is zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero and my name is Meho Suzuki.
Is there a good restaurant overlooking a nice view nearby?
Here's my card.
I'd like to get a government job.
Does the train to Chicago leave from Pier Five?
I'd like to borrow a diving device with a breathing tube, please.
Does this shit go straight to Seattle?
When's the last man on the street?
Where's the barber?
This way, please. Any other services?
I'm looking for my friends.
Well, then you must know the truth about all of our feelings here. We don't accept strangers giving us directions on how to live our lives.
At seven, please.
The use of colors is beautiful.
Thank you. Your name is Mr. Richard Pullman.
Please tell my family.
My bag is all messed up.
To see the sights.
Clean the window, please.
On the fifteenth day of July.
I hurt myself.
Okay, I want a half-sliced egg, I mean an unfinished egg, please.
This dress is exactly my size. Can I measure it?
When's the first half?
I didn't order this kind of cheese.
He cut the line. Can you get the line back?
What's your name, please?
I want a chicken trained in chicken fighting.
What should I see in Chicago?
Can you turn it into a smaller currency?
I'm from Spain.
Do I have to do an eye exam?
Your name, credit card number and expiration date.
It's got a great collection of bronzes.
What's that in front of the Brooklyn Bridge?
Thank you for staying with us, sir.
Can I get three hundred dollars cash with this check?
I'm with that proposal.
Who's dancing?
Can I dance with you?
If there's something wrong with this key card, give me another one, please.
Am I going to have to change trains?
For two at seven, right? Give me your name, please.
My knee hurts.
There's a rash on my arm.
How close are the seats?
Where's the pain?
Do you have a manual clock?
Do you have any other models?
Please send this by air mail to Japan.
My friend's passed out, he's unconscious.
What are the cheap and good varieties?
Where's the nearest pharmacy?
Five o'clock tomorrow morning?
Do you serve Japanese food?
More wine, please.
Oh, by the way, what is this?
I want to go to a diving school.
People are so friendly.
Do I have to pay any cancellation fees?
How many drinks are covered?
I managed to achieve that.
Which way is gate five thirty?
I want a drink.
Where's the boarding gate for this flight?
Don't eat anything too hot or cold.
Suggest you change and come back, sir.
The number on the board is zero two one one.
If you can, reserve a table by the window, please.
See you later.
Can I move to another vacant seat?
We'd like to reserve a table for two at seven tonight.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll look for it in this book.
Did it snow a lot this year?
How much are these seats?
Have I already announced my boarding?
Hello, please sit down.
What train are you planning to take?
How much does a big trailer cost?
Where can I catch this cab?
We're at 12,000 feet.
Isn't there a line on the bill?
I booked in Tokyo. Can you check again, please?
Suggest rings or a decorative sticker.
That's not my signature.
My throat is going to my ear.
First we'd like to see Wall Street.
I need a needle in my shoe.
Where's the bus stop for Oxford?
I'll wait until the terrace is open.
I'll be late, but keep my reservation, please.
We're going to Fisherman Village tomorrow.
Nice to meet you.
I'd like to tell you something.
I want a double room, please.
Floor it with the access station.
I always feel sick in my stomach.
More difficult than last year.
Can we take a look at the leather bags?
It's cold tonight.
How much? Can you write the cost on a piece of paper?
Can I reserve a seat on the next flight, please?
Can I get the car back somewhere else?
Do you have sleeping bags?
It's a little tight for me. Do you have these shoes size five and a half?
Can I have a fifty-dollar bill?
Go in the same direction down this street. It's on your left.
Show me your price list, please.
Excuse me. I want something else, please. I prefer a table by the window.
I'm looking for Mr. Jones. I'm going to talk to him about something very important.
For two days.
Is this car going to Chicago?
Is there an alternative to the cancelled flight?
I don't like it. Please don't add any ink.
You want another bottle of wine?
We have excellent red wine.
Do you have travel alarm clocks?
Let's watch TV. There's a baseball game.
Bye now.
Is there a gift shop near here?
You can use this ticket for all trains.
I prefer the mechanism.
I put in the coins, but I got nothing.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
When do we meet again?
Please tell me who should be notified in case of accidents.
I'm staying at a hotel, but I haven't booked yet.
But don't worry. You can get off at the next station and back. It's not that long.
Can you write your address in this place?
I want a soft cornstarch, please.
Please tell me where the nearest pharmacy is.
I want to catch up with my friend.
The wound is healed.
International currency.
It means cutting the cost of damage from the collision. Without it, you're responsible for any damage to the car.
My key's down.
I want to brush my teeth.
We're on a group trip. So the tour guide keeps all our tickets.
Excuse me. Please say hello to your colleagues, especially Mr. Okamoto.
You got anything to eat on the way?
Okay. We're here at the museum. You just keep going, and after two buildings you'll find her there that way.
This is Haruko. Guess what just happened.
Please tell me the way to the Hilton Hotel.
To my hotel, please. My hotel address is on this paper.
He stole my purse at the tax-exempt goods store.
How many counties are there besides Tokyo?
It's all right, thank you.
Okay, that sounds funny. What about 2: 00 on Saturday?
I think it's best we hire a cab. You can park a cab in front of the hotel.
What color do you like for your red or blue strip?
The car tried to break down the left side.
Please keep these bags for a week.
Stay on the line and wait a minute, please.
Sorry, our house is gonna be too crowded tonight.
Do airport buses come often?
The person next to him.
Three two three four one two three four.
Can you suggest a ballet?
I haven't had my meal yet. Can I now?
Can I book a table?
What do you usually do at home after dinner?
I'm afraid it can't be now. The one-hour flight is the next one.
I can do it myself.
Sure. When do you want to play golf?
I need a call from someone to someone.
Where is it on the map?
She'll be home at about three.
I don't want to go.
I wish you a good time.
Here's your bag.
Is this doll for sale?
I want to call the Japanese embassy.
I want to swim.
We'll start with passengers with children, then passengers with disabilities, then first class passengers.
Paint not shiny, please.
Sure you do.
Which one is the best gift for a fifteen-year-old girl?
Are there any trips to the star-crossed citizens?
Please send this flashlight.
Who do I call if I get in trouble?
It's a large orange-sized samsonite bag made of plastic.
Just a little bit.
Where do the buses leave for sightseeing?
Who's describing the weather?
How much do you charge to send it to Japan?
The toothache is severe and hard to imagine.
I don't have any sneakers or shoes.
I stayed at the British Intercontinental Hotel, room one zero three.
How much is the airline fare, please?
I have a virus.
Sure it's four seven one nine four zero.
I feel like eating more than drinking?
Can I have some cream?
So it's my fault, isn't it? I have to go to the bathroom, sorry.
I want to shop. Where's the middle of the country?
Can you show me how to get there?
You can ride elevator number one or elevator number two.
Give me your wallet.
I have to find the gate.
When I went back to my room, my camera was gone.
It's so cold.
How can I get a diving license?
Give me a cigarette.
It depends on which season you visit.
I want to go to bed right now.
Give me some nuts, please.
Bring me three of these, please.
Great, great. Great to see you, Ray. You're probably headed the other way. Don't feel weird. By the way, this is a nice jacket.
Do you accept the Japanese yen?
I think he'll be back in about thirty minutes.
Automobile manufacturing is the main industry in Japan.
Can you give me a message?
Let me see. This is the next town.
Do you have a Stang?
Is it not allowed to swim here?
How long before another setup?
Something happened, I have to talk to him about it. Please ask him to call me as soon as he gets back.
The light is off in my room.
Are we gonna jump out of here?
You'll do better next time. Keep practicing?
Does anyone speak Japanese?
Did King Benug play ping pong in Hong Kong?
Where's the shower?
How long are you gonna be here?
In my opinion, the whole job system is good and bad at the same time.
I have to go to the station now.
I want to visit the areas associated with writer Joyce.
No need for that, thank you. I'll take this.
Are you offering any discounts?
I came to get a car. This is the reservation number.
I recommend perfume or lotions.
Please show me your customs form.
The bank you see over there will take care of this.
How many times do I have to say this to you?
I ordered a non-smoking seat. Can you give me another seat?
Please refrain from taking stimulants.
This table is a good fit?
Pick up the phone and put 20 cents.
I'll come down here.
Where's the staircase well?
Where's the boxed goods?
When are we going to land?
I want to see if they're different here.
Mr. Kawai, we have a table for you now.
No, I left his phone number at home.
One ticket to Washington, please. How long does it take on the bus?
Sure, get down the stairs there and you'll find some directions. Please follow them.
These are kinds of sandwiches.
Sorry, I have to. I have to ask for a car hire office.
Front desk. Can I help you?
Can you drop me off at the Hilton, please?
Do you have to work late?
Call the Japanese Embassy, please.
What number is it, please?
I have acute skin inflammation.
I want to go to Philadelphia tomorrow. When do I get a train?
Can you change these candles, please?
Tell me, where's the fourth courtyard in the second cart?
Do you still have tickets to the Pauls and Magic party on January 10th?
I'm tired and bored from sitting on a plane for so long.
I'm so sorry, we don't have any more. What about the English papers?
Can you save these bags, please?
Where's the best nightclub in San Francisco?
I think it's a good idea. I always think museums are the best place to start to learn about a country. Well, where should we go? I heard there's a great exhibition of American Indians at the County Museum.
One hundred non-smokers, please.
Can you tell me before we get to Durham?
I lost my passport. I need a new passport.
We'll wait for you tomorrow, Miss Tanaka.
I'll take two.
Twenty acids, please.
I want to make a call to Tokyo.
Can you give him a first aid kit?
I want a reservation for three people at seven.
What's the story of this castle?
Can you show me how to fill out an immigration card, please?
What are your hobbies?
When should we be back?
Is it that fresh?
Leave me alone, please.
That's not true. You always treat me.
What does oh-bon mean?
Can you show me some dresses?
Where's the ticket office?
This is my reservation confirmation number.
How can I book?
A billion yen divided by one hundred and twenty yen is equivalent to eight million dollars.
Spell it out, please.
Wait a minute, please. I'm afraid, sir, Mr. Okawa has gone to lunch. Would you like to leave a message for him?
What do you suggest we take as a souvenir from France?
Thank you. I wish you the same.
Sorry, all seats are reserved for March 23rd.
I'm getting drunk.
Be careful, the weather in the mountains is very volatile.
We prefer to eat dishes at thirty pounds a person.
Do you have any special cocktails?
Is it okay if I pay a high-interest card?
How much is that tour?
Congratulations on your promotion to general manager.
Even if you're not a big fan of the " slave poet ", you're probably fond of the perfect country and the places associated with him in his country.
I'm leaving now. Could you send the carrier, please?
What's the point of this line here?
Yes, wine, please.
The total would be as much as three times that.
We have seats left in the balcony and to the right of the hall.
Please have two seats on the nine-and-a-half train to New York.
I want a sandwich and some orange juice, please.
Can I use tourist checks and Japanese yen?
Can you wait here? I'll be back in a few minutes.
Sorry, I checked with the service department and the missing persons department and I didn't find it.
I live near here.
This shoe is too tight for me.
This is car number twelve.
Can I send this by public transport?
The musical plays are very popular in Japan these days.
This place is hard to find. It's on a narrow road that branches off the main road.
These are some headphones.
Generally, a means excellent, b means good, c means normal, d means weak, e means failure, and w means minus. Some schools add minus and plus to these letters.
I'd like to print two copies of this negative, please.
How do I get there?
What's the use of that thing?
I don't know anything about this.
We can talk about this in a cafe.
I got a flashlight.
When does it end?
I get it. In that case, I don't have to pay the change, do I?
A week's worth of economy car. How much does it cost?
Can children go on a trip without an adult?
Where can I smoke?
My mom made the cookies.
Should I give him the message?
I think a meeting like this gives us a good chance to get to know and understand each other personally.
Thanks. The bill is eighty dollars and fifty cents with tax. Please pay the treasurer.
What's the flyer for tomorrow?
Hello. Is this the front office? I'm in room one zero seven zero. I have to make a complaint.
Please tell him that Shimada called and I'll be visiting him on Friday.
Okay. Please reserve a first class seat on the train leaving at ten tomorrow.
Give me the operator, please.
Bye. Call me tonight.
You want to take a picture with us?
Do you think I can get my money back?
I'd like my precious gear back, please.
I prefer a simple steak.
This is a camera.
I'd like two dark backstories of these negative images, please.
Excuse me. What floor is the ladies'room?
How old is he?
Where do you live?
Here's your bill.
The tropical variety is good, it has mint and tastes like a meat pie.
It's a game.
This is my first dive.
Wrap it up to my face.
I'd rather sit in the front of the plane.
Please check the spare, too.
Yeah, I think he's doing pretty well this season.
I can't plug the drain in the pan.
Would you like to come to our party tonight?
Where's Mary's clothing store?
My favorite two-bedroom overlooking the ocean. What is the price of that room?
Double whiskey, please.
What kind of stuff is that?
Uh, to Kingsport Women's College, please, driver. Well, they're not gonna make it. They can't interfere with the board's decision, that's undemocratic.
Is there a doctor who speaks Japanese?
Ladies and gentlemen, before you take off, please turn off all electronic devices, including computers, CD players, cell phones, and electronic games. Please stop using any of them for ten minutes after takeoff.
Oh, that's great. I love their sound. What about you, Bob?
Can I have your name, date and flight number?
Where are the shitachi mushroom plants?
Can you give me a discount?
Clean the room, please.
Can you put down the saddle, please?
Is there a Verragamo shop here?
Can I stay with you tonight?
Thanks for spending all this time talking to me, Karen.
Is this the right train to Grand Central?
Okay, I'll just take two.
Here's your bill. Three-nine-seventy dollars.
You're lucky.
That's not what I asked for.
Yeah, I guess I should have taken the meatloaf.
Does this include breakfast and dinner?
I want to go to the World Trade Center?
Excuse me, where can I buy tickets to Broadway?
This airport is so beautiful. I imagine you're proud of it.
I feel a sharp pain in my stomach.
Yeah, I'll have a Martin, with the props.
Nice weather.
Can you tell me when we get there?
Please pick me a table with a nice night view.
I hear TB is common there.
What's in it?
Is this automated or manual?
I'd like to rent this type of car for twenty-four hours.
The heater's not working and the room is very cold.
How much a day ticket costs?
Okay, so I'd better go wait in the bar.
You last came here two years ago. Did you enjoy your flight?
There are a lot of hot springs, because we have a lot of volcanoes.
What is the price of a ticket to London?
I want to get a power line.
I like orange juice, toast, fried eggs, coffee, please.
Okay, I'm done.
How nice to meet you.
Yeah, they've cut down the branches and picked the shoots to make the trees look better.
I think we can get you to a table in about fifteen minutes.
Well, thank you.
Where do I go down to get to the museum?
My plate, please.
I have a headache. Do you have any good doctors around here?
After three.
Will you keep my valuables?
I paid thirty bucks for my shirt.
Can you send me some aspirin?
Where's the box?
Please don't give me your credit card number.
It's torn.
What kind of whiskey do you order?
Do you know the name of that station?
Please don't bend the speech because the pictures are inside.
Well, golf is part of our business as much as it is part of entertainment.
This is your menu, sir.
This is your passport, ticket and riding license.
Okay, let's take a look at you.
Oh, it's too late. I think I should leave.
Can I use this van?
Between seventy and eighty dollars is a fair amount.
A personal call to Tokyo, Japan, please.
No, thank you. I've had enough.
I want a jacket, please.
Well, imagine how long it would take him to ask everyone another question. Let's hurry up and get our bags. We have to go to customs to announce our stuff afterwards.
Do I need a ride card?
You want the $ 500, right?
It would be useful if you could increase your productivity.
Are you busy next Saturday night? I'd like to invite you to our first anniversary party.
I want some peanut butter.
I need a big car.
You're wrong.
Please take me to a hospital where they understand Japanese.
What do you think is best?
We'll leave this afternoon. Do we have time to take a tour of the city?
The kimono is not for active people.
Okay, we'll be there at eight.
I have to be in L.A. Friday morning.
Are you Australian?
Where's the entrance?
Can you check the brake oil?
Where can I buy gloves?
I never used it.
Do they play jazz in this place?
Can you call the waiter, please?
I want a strong cocktail. Can you mix some?
We'll call someone to check it out right away.
Oh, you heard the name. It's a famous old town, isn't it?
I got a point.
What's the weight?
Enjoy your trip.
Is there a Chinese restaurant near here?
Do you have any flights to Miami?
This section to the left.
I go to the bathroom every ten minutes.
Mr. Kojor and I are very happy to be in London to meet you as one of our most important partners.
Nashal took my wallet.
Pier five is over there.
When's the football game?
When is All Saints Day?
That's nice.
Are there any side effects?
When's the ride?
Is the Wall Street Stock Exchange open to the public?
I'm sorry I wasn't home.
Where's the tourist guide office?
Where can I cash some tourist checks?
I want a watch where I can easily tell the time.
Sorry, I don't have any small-scale bills.
It's broken. Can you check this camera?
Coffee with cream and sugar, please.
Can you say that again?
The price is ten marks.
Yes, I did. I went to Tokyo and Kyoto for a tour two years ago.
Take me to a hospital, please.
Is there an air conditioner?
Please let us know when one opens.
I think there's some error in the bill.
Please give me this.
How much is the total price?
It's gate seven.
Does the price include lunch?
Are you Scottish?
Three two one two. Wait a second, okay? I want to send you something here.
Where are you staying?
Human relations are important in any society, but it seems that the Japanese are hard at work in maintaining and deepening good relations.
This is ninety-nine yen. Please change it to dollars.
I want a camera with a big focal length.
In the ABC.
Where's the box shop?
One hundred and thirty-five yen for a dollar.
It's okay. You have to change on street four and forty.
Can I have the key, please?
Do you have any CDs?
Short skirts and long shoes won't wear out.
Can I talk to the manager?
We have large, medium, and small.
Why is the price different from the one on the counter?
Do you know a skilled gynaecologist?
I want a dryer.
How much is the total?
Can I see this?
I promised myself I'd recognize you when I saw you.
What's been going on lately?
So, what are your plans for the rest of the trip?
In this case, there's a tariff table next to the driver's seat.
I want to buy two of your special regional merchandise.
I'm not feeling well. Can you take me to a doctor?
Okay, we'll wait.
Well, I'm a freshman at A.B.C. and I'm majoring in history.
Where can I find a watch shop?
Mr. Sato is in a meeting right now, Mr. Tanaka. Can he answer your call later?
When are we gonna get there?
What's the estimated arrival time?
Pass me the potatoes, please.
Your party's on now.
Do I have to go back to your office again?
Who's the receiver?
Please show me the return ticket.
Is there a nightly entertainment show?
Can I check my precious gear with you?
Are there any messages for me?
Red wine?
Don't worry, some customers have tried it.
I like your language skills.
I left my notebook in the phone booth.
The bathroom seafon isn't working.
Do you have an account?
You gonna go look for my mask with me?
How long do we need to walk from here to the town hall?
I feel the air.
Where does the round bus leave from?
Sorry to bother you. I'll get you another one, right away.
One moment, please, I'll get it for you.
Take this medicine after every meal when the pain gets worse.
Can you confirm that over the phone?
I tried, but I couldn't make my dream come true.
I put the money in a special envelope called Shojibukuro.
Where's the men's department?
Someone's been hurt.
You didn't say that. You're overcharging me.
Come on, Matsuro.
I want an outside line.
This is the address I can be contacted at.
I want to set a date.
Why don't you stop here for a while?
Have the meals been served?
I've booked a double.
I lost my wallet somewhere in a department store.
It's free.
I want a big-size car that's economical.
Can I get two tickets for the night, please?
I want to ask for a favor.
Please tell me where to go down.
Say that again.
Excuse me, can I take a picture of you, please?
One of the men was tall and the other was short.
A hamburger and a salad on the right side, please.
I applied for a passport yesterday.
It's delicious.
March 23, please.
I stole my lock while I was out of my room.
Park Avenue two eighty, please.
My seat's broken. It's not coming down.
Can you ask her to call me on my account?
Give me a receipt, please.
Can I paint the living room again?
A sign to a cab to stop, would you?
I want to send this by air mail.
It could be a candlelight.
Can you let me know when the game starts?
I wonder what I can get out of him?
Do you have the same larger piece?
I want some aspirin.
You should take a bus.
Please show me where the bank is.
Grab the cheese.
Can you book me a room for the night?
My temperature is high.
We'd like to invite you to dinner tomorrow night.
Oh, it takes about five minutes to walk.
So, give me two seats reserved C-level, twentieth.
Do you have a map of the subway?
Okay, so, goodbye.
I have a room ready for you at the Grand Hotel. Can you go there?
This is room twelve thirteen.
I want to book a flight to Japan on May 15th.
I'm staying with friends.
When do you start serving lunch?
I have pain in my right eye.
Can you take me to the sales department, please?
What are the seats available? I want to sit in the middle.
Do you have a Japanese translator?
Can I get through?
I want a pan.
Where are we going?
Is this train going through El Paso?
Well, this exploration trip is nice.
Can I have some eye dryer?
Is there a link on the flight to Glasgow?
Can you cash these tourist checks, please?
I'm away from my friend. We'd like to sit together.
I'm not much better at German.
I'll take this shirt. How much?
It's too much.
We must meet again, surely.
Walk straight, and you'll find them.
Yeah, the lead actor is excellent.
Yeah, unfortunately. Our main office is here. What about you? Is this your first visit here?
Can you take these pants?
I'll write you after I get back to my country.
Can we have a room overlooking the ocean?
Can I smoke here?
Why this money?
You go through New Orleans?
Can we rent a room?
I hope I get a new car?
Please point us to a good restaurant nearby.
What's your name? What's your official rank?
Can I borrow a bat and a ball?
Sure, we'll bring her in the hallway at nine.
Can you get a little change in with him?
Do you accept a Japanese yen check?
What bus do you take to get to the Statue of Liberty?
I'd like to leave my bags.
Sorry, I bought this jacket yesterday, but I found a big spot here.
Can I have half a jar?
That's my uncle.
I'd like to change the room.
Do you have this in a medium size?
Can I change my seat forward?
Hi, this is John.
I better go.
Are you Mrs. Ebert? I'm Hiroshi Sato. Nice to meet you.
I got a tire empty.
I'll go down to the cathedral.
I want a bowl of boiling water.
Nakay.
How much is the total payment if I buy three?
Do you mind if I take a picture of you and your cab?
Can you call me a cab, please?
Don't smoke, please.
Tomorrow.
The mail order might be better. It's cheaper.
A white shoulder bag.
Just a little bit of a spoof, please.
I have to be at the airport by 8: 00 tomorrow morning.
I called three days ago about a lost bag.
I don't know what it is, but I'll try it.
Did you see a black coat here?
I'm over the limit, so go to window three.
Can I have a room over the mountain?
I forgot my camera in the cab.
Who's gonna do the show?
By air or by regular mail?
A hundred dollars in cash, three hundred dollars in bank checks, and my credit card.
How much will it cost?
I want a cheaper hotel.
Do I have to fill out a customs form?
I want to use a tennis court.
Oh, there's a lot to see in Greenwich Village.
Don't say he'll never die.
I want some milk. Do you have any?
Can I change these tickets for tomorrow's show?
Can you tell me the code for Japan?
How long do I have to wait for the train to get to the station pier?
Can I get in here for the United Airlines flight?
Should we wear a jacket and tie for the evening tour?
I have business connections there.
How fast are we flying?
Can you take off the price tags, please?
I'm at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and Forty-One.
A big bottle of coke, please.
I want to take a shower before my meal.
Your hair is beautiful.
What? You gonna blame me. Ha, ha, ha. I'm becoming allergic. Does your mother know this?
Did you order a special meal?
I have to get up early tomorrow, so I'm going now.
Am I a part of this?
How much do you think it costs to get from here to the airport?
How do you like the meat you eat?
It fits your suit.
Can you watch my bag, please?
Can you tell me how to get to Westminster Abbey?
Oh, what a pleasure to play golf in Australia.
How do you like this idea? We accept your condition that there is a six-month notice period provided that you grant us the right to sell for six months after the contract ends.
When's the next flight to L.A.?
I want a non-smoking section, please.
He'll cover for me.
Where did you make it?
Excuse me, do you know New York well?
The cost of crash insurance is five dollars more a day, do you want it?
I want to take a ski lesson.
A man took my money.
What are they eating?
I want a calculator, please.
Give me a carton of Marlboro cigarettes, please.
Where's the boarding gate A.BC. One Zero One?
He's a wanted man, isn't he?
Excuse me, which way are we headed?
Can I have a receipt?
What kind of base cream matches my normal skin color?
You're not Chinese, are you?
We'll wait. Please call us when you're ready.
He's next on the road.
Can I order this from Japan after I get back?
I'd like to see a surgeon.
Are these natural ingredients?
You like to be exempt from customs?
I want to use the safe in my room.
I want to ride in a sports car.
The little bar is empty. Can you put a beer in it, please?
The papers don't mind reminding their readers that December 2nd is the day the war started.
I want to open a deposit account in this bank.
Okay, when's the game?
You're so nice. I didn't know what to do.
I want to rent a bike.
What section is this seat in?
The area code is zero three. The number is three one two three four five six seven.
When, sir?
Is that all the luggage on flight two three three?
I'm sick. Can you call the doctor for me?
There's no soap in my room.
This is a tip for you.
May I know your name?
He got a cold.
No, thanks. I'm just watching.
The best thing is a mini-CD.
Can I see your plane ticket?
Please don't write it.
Can I move to a vacant seat?
I want to send this by public transport.
To make yourself at home and have a good time.
I'm like me.
I want an electric razor, please.
- A charming decoration?
Is this your first visit to our country?
Show me your photo ID, please.
Confirm flight one zero one to Narita on June 10th.
One hundred and twenty dollars a night, except for tax.
Is this guarantee valid in Japan?
You have to go with?
I have this fruit box. It's a gift.
When's the last train leaving?
I won't buy it. I can find a much cheaper one in another store.
One student, please.
I've never dived with an underwater respirator before.
I prefer not to get to fifty dollars.
No, you won't. You have to get off at the next station.
Will you tell me about some interesting places to go see in this town?
I have a third grade in the middle.
The amount is ten dollars and thirty cents a day.
Send this in a telegram to Japan.
How much is a plane ticket from New York to Los Angeles?
Where can I dive?
This food is heavy on my stomach.
Can you keep my bags till 11: 00?
Yes, you can pay by the yen. Two thousand seven hundred yen.
Stock control is very important to the company.
I'm gonna call the police.
I want to go to the United Airlines office.
Hey, come on in. I'm glad you came. Are you tired of finding our house?
Let me turn this call over to the manager.
How long does it take to get to Dover by train?
Send my regards to your parents, please.
It's very good.
I'll never sit in the front row.
I can't speak English.
Give me some light gas, please.
It hurts so bad I can't take it anymore.
In the office over there.
What size do you want?
A seat is empty, please.
Go up the stairs and turn right.
Can I have a cola, please?
You got a tour on Broadway?
Oh, honey, I didn't realize I still had these things.
Do you have any boxes to send parcels?
Will the airline pay for the hotel and meals?
When's the next train?
He's sensitive.
The quality's excellent. It's a win-win deal.
The plane leaves from gate number four and twenty.
- Bye. - What?
Do you know a good shoe store?
Is that a first class car?
Will the flight leave on time?
The inland sea is calm and beautiful.
Are these all your bags?
Sorry, I think I paid less than I needed.
How would you like to make the call?
Sorry, looks like we gave you the wrong keys.
Well, it's expensive. It's not made in Japan, is it?
Did you hear the news?
You finished filling out your plane ticket?
Can I have salt, please?
Do you have a half-bottle of red wine?
Would you like to comment on this, Professor Takaji?
Do you have any peanuts?
Thank you, sir. Look a minute, please, sir. Please take this bill to the bank and pay there.
Let's see.
It's a little too sugary.
Do you mind if I sit here?
Where's the nearest restaurant to this hotel?
Can you carry my bags to the cab?
I want to see a musical.
Which one do you prefer? Flight 10 or 16?
I really enjoyed your party.
You should have your passport, immigration card and customs clearance form.
I'm leaving, so pass these slides, please.
I want to try some Italian.
I want shampoo for normal hair.
Please put your luggage on this balance.
I agree with most of what you suggested.
The almonds are inflamed.
Please say hello to your family.
When does the front office open?
The shirts at this store are much cheaper.
I think he's got a fever.
How long will it take?
When do you think she'll be found?
Could you please cool the room?
Go, please.
Almost rare.
I wish you a very happy year.
Most students got an acceptable grade in his subject, but they say his lectures are boring and unencouraging.
When does the Mass begin?
I'll have a big bottle of spray.
Four bucks if I bought it at the station, six bucks if I bought it on the train.
I think I'll take the one worth fifty cents. Give me a dozen, please.
I want a souvenir for about fifty dollars.
Shampoo, please.
Do you have this in moderate gray?
How do I use that pump?
Can you help me with this bag?
Is there a shower?
I want to withdraw a hundred dollars from my Visa card.
The festival is one of the cultural features of Japan.
I can't believe it. Did you already spend it all?
Please repeat it again more slowly.
Well, I think I better leave now.
Sorry, I want to make a request.
Is it far away? I can't walk to it?
I can't find my bag. Can you help me?
Yeah, we have, but we can't sell them.
Can you change paper money into coins?
Lunch is ready.
I want to send two bounties to New York.
I want to make a phone call to Japan.
We have a shrimp with a neubergine sauce and a roasted man.
Okay. I'll send the maid right away to open the door with the key. What's your room number?
How much do you charge for a Nikon fish eye lens?
I prefer western food.
The Pacific War lasted for four and a half years, from one thousand nine hundred and one forty-four to forty-five, and had erupted two years after World War II.
Do you have any snacks I can have with my drink?
I want a room with a nice view.
Does he have a room for the camp?
You want it with salt and pepper?
What entrance?
Three tablespoons of wax juice, please.
Can you show me how to dial with a phone card?
I can speak a little English.
Is the sea disturbed tonight?
About half an hour.
Can I roll some paper?
I have three kids.
Go ahead to the end of this hall and turn left at the corner. You'll find it on your right.
Is it a full-day tour?
I want to go to the famous Aerospace Museum.
Do you think it's going to snow tomorrow?
How much does a round trip ticket to Oxford cost?
This must have been used for an ID, maybe.
Should she be in the hospital?
I go to a gym every two days.
Where can I stay during the tour?
It's all personal.
Okay, where can I put my purse?
What time is the hotel departure procedure?
I'm looking for a gift for a little kid.
Could you please warm up the room?
How much does a guide pay a day?
The area is on the right.
Your call was made.
Can you tell me how to dial this number?
Is this for men?
Did he take anything?
I think that's the kind we want to import.
What kind of clothing store is nearby?
My car broke down. I need a tow truck right now.
Where can I find the CDs?
I want a picture book, please.
Sit down, please.
Are they two doors or four?
What a happy day.
I think I ordered a fish burger, but there's no fish in the burger.
Excuse me, but can you please show me how to use the shower?
Thank you. By the way, how would you like to pay the bill?
I just want to confirm that your CEO is attending a meeting tomorrow.
I'm very sorry, but I'll be late for the meeting.
Can you book a room for me on the night of September 18th?
Is there a two-week course?
Can you help me figure out which tour I'm going to join tomorrow?
I should make reservations.
There are pirate ships or old ships or rowing wheels. Others look like goose or whale.
Mr. Ford ordered me to meet you.
We'd like to go skiing to Mount Gross. Can you get a way over?
Excuse me. I'm a university student from Japan. Are you students at NYU?
Can you tell us how you evaluate this plan?
Can I get this ticket back?
How long does it take to get to Soho?
Where's the shawl?
I want to play a couple game?
Yeah, I'm looking for the red lipstick of Chanel number five thirty.
For about two hundred dollars you can buy a beautiful flower.
I heard a moment ago that my grandfather died.
American Airlines.
This place is always full of people.
Did you read the security card?
Do you have ice cream?
It's a storm today.
Akki, do you know a record store near here?
Cash or credit card?
Can we watch a movie on this trip?
Do you have anyone who can speak Japanese?
I work for a business.
It's not polite to ask people how much they charge.
The number is nine nine nine nine, nine nine nine nine, nine nine nine nine, nine nine nine nine.
I want some vinegar.
P.S. is the edge of the page.
For insurance, I want a full coverage ratio for crashes.
I'd like to make a reservation for a tour, please.
Is there a day ticket?
Is this a certified five-zero Levi?
Oh, sure. It's not taken.
September 2nd, a business degree, for one.
I have to be back before 6: 00.
We have many annual celebrations besides the national holiday.
When can I take a shower?
It's in fashion this summer.
You don't look more than twenty-one.
Can I pay with the visa?
Sorry, I want to go to Miami.
What kind of fruit do you have?
Do you have any low-calorie candy?
It's a really great show.
Is there a high-speed train to Berlin?
Do you have any special offers on the Estee Lauder fragrance?
Do you have any mayonnaise?
Please use it as Chinese?
I want a smoking seat, please.
I understand. Actually, it's a high-speed movie. Do you mind if I shoot it?
My car hit a light bulb in the street.
We write the New Year cards and mail them. They're delivered on January 1st.
Just in the middle, please.
Not many Japanese send Christmas cards, but billions of New Year greetings are written, drawn, stamped, printed and sent year after year.
I just bought it.
Can you write it down?
Are you going to school?
I'm looking for perfume.
Which way did he go?
That's ten dollars, half a dollar for a tip.
I'll get one right away.
I'm Yoko Suzuki from the World Company.
Eight dollars. Here comes one right now.
The exchange rate's not exactly good, but I guess I have no choice.
It's yours.
Please show it with the shopping at customs at the airport.
Turn right at the second pole and you'll find one.
How about some food?
I brought more than I'm allowed.
The window's dirty.
You want a crash and a collision insurance?
They'll find her tomorrow.
I have a problem opening the door. Can I change the key card?
I prefer one in the front.
Any of the big stores working now?
The right room behind the customer service desk.
Hey, call guy, get me to the fire station.
I got a dead battery.
How many bus stops should I take back?
That's not true.
No, please don't. This is for my own use.
I'd like to rent a car with an automatic transmission, please.
Can I go down to the hotel?
Another blanket, please.
I want to reserve a room for August 23rd, 24th, and 20th.
Where's the nearest photographer?
Ice cream, please.
You can go right out that door.
I lost my passport. I didn't find any in my bag. I have to travel to Tokyo tomorrow morning.
I want to make a reservation for six tonight.
Stop at the next intersection.
Can you get us another plate?
How much is the fare from here to the southern station?
Oh, there she is. Should everyone fill out this customs clearance form?
Can I see that neck?
I want to leave as early as possible.
Can you spare me a chance to dive, please?
Name and number of your tour group, please.
I took the number twelve fifty from San Diego.
Can I know your name, please?
I can't find any soap.
Is it possible to make a call if the other party is charged?
When does the next train to Chicago leave?
Hey, how are you?
I want to make a credit card call, please.
I was attacked at Peachok Intersection. Please come quickly.
First of all, I should like to thank you very much for the perfect program you prepared for me.
Where's the travel department?
Of course, this bottom can be stretched or shortened as you like.
Who's playing this week?
Lemon, if you have, sugar.
Can you help me carry this bag?
This is a digestive aid I usually use.
No, but if you want to use a safe, it costs two dollars. Please pay it at the front desk.
I want a goose and pork loin and cheese on rye bread.
How can I get back here?
What's the name of the person you want to talk to?
She travels to school by train every day.
I want some sugar, please.
Where does this tour start?
What course for beginners?
Will you write me the report?
I'm sorry, he's not in now.
There's no problem. We have plenty of time.
I have a piece of paper in my finger. Can you give me a little patch, please?
What's the temperature?
I think there's something wrong.
How do you want to pay, cash or credit card?
Do you mind just waiting a few more minutes?
Can you fill out this form of health insurance, please?
Which ones are the most popular?
Look at this. Look at this. You're gonna tell me the difference between this guy and that guy is luck? Muhammad, he's in the car by the side of the road, and you? You wouldn't mind if I slept with you here. I'm late.
Thank you.
Thanks for your help.
From eight to eight fifteen.
Do you have the same dark brown?
It depends on the timing.
When will he be back?
Does your room have a view of the city?
I want my passport.
Nice to meet you.
I lost my plane ticket.
I want to try the same thing that the person sitting at this table is eating.
Please turn off the key card.
I'm already in my period. Is that a problem?
It happened between Charing Cross and Green Park.
Stop it.
Any messages for me?
Thank you. Can I have a receipt, please?
Can you find out on this map?
One zero four o'clock.
Please draw a map here.
Will you fix it?
It's still too expensive. Can I take it for three bucks?
I understand, just the bathroom water isn't hot enough.
We need a room in the back.
I'll have a glass of wine.
Will you give me a painkiller?
We're here for a visit.
If I can, I want it automatically.
This headset doesn't work well. Can you give me another one?
You look beautiful.
Are there any hotels near here? Please draw me a map.
Do you still have tickets to Big River for tonight?
They look almost identical.
You look beautiful.
What a raw ass.
Two hours before we leave.
We want to split this order up between the three of us.
I want a room with two beds. What's the price of a room for the night?
Some fruit, please.
It's important.
Please leave them out.
It's about nine and ninety miles away.
Good evening. I have an appointment with Mr. Drill at three today, but I'm afraid I'll be a little late. Will that be okay?
Do you have anything with the keys?
S-seats are sold, but we still have A-seats.
We want to split this food. Can you get some small plates?
I feel sick in my stomach.
Vince and Linda want to be alone, so I'm afraid I'm gonna have to stay here tonight.
Please keep these bags in customs.
Lower the price.
My name is Sato.
Can I talk to a Japanese telephone operator?
I'd like to know what it costs to make a phone call to New York.
No, really, I'm afraid, you can take the subway from here at your own risk if that's right.
Thank you so much for expressing your gratitude to those who finished the work.
They escaped with a dozen pearls and other valuables.
I know an old jazz club in the middle of the country.
I'll have this meal.
Can you show me the way to the hospital?
I'd like to have a plate like this.
I'd like to head to the Tower of London.
I want to get down here.
Can I get a medical degree?
Here's a photo of my ticket.
It's a little blue car, the number of the metal plate K3 is one five and the registration number is BRA 4 5 6 0.
Can you give us a little discount?
Do you play any sports?
There is a growing demand among collectors for this type.
We already have connectors and power plugs that are used in our country, but we don't have power converters. I suggest you go to one of the shops that handle tourist supplies.
Then we'll take it.
Can I see you tomorrow afternoon?
Does this go up to the sixth floor?
The American crocodile's skin.
Be careful.
Two plates of tomato cream, please.
Is the distance within walking distance? Or is it too far to walk?
Please put it in the laundry bag and leave it there.
I'd like to soak this movie. When is it ready?
Yeah. I'd like two tickets to the movie " A Car Named Desire. " Are there any tickets left for the show tonight?
Is this the right trip?
Please don't give this key to anyone but me.
Do some light exercise and massage after the bath every day.
There's only one exit.
I'll drive you from the hotel you stay at eight.
The window's good.
Let the hairline roll down, please.
Are all the transportation costs listed?
I'm afraid you misunderstood the appointments.
The Metropolitan Opera.
My friend's gonna drive by here to take me with him, so it's okay.
This room is so loud.
I don't have the guts to wear something like that.
Where's the car hire?
A ginkgo tree is so beautiful when its leaves turn yellow in the fall.
I have a party tonight. Please, do my hair.
You're asking me if we've started selling our products in the United States?
I feel so alive since last night.
That's not my taste.
How do you pronounce the name of this place?
Please deduct this cost from my mastercard.
What's your ad budget?
Where's the water cycle?
I want to sleep.
What kind of vegetables do you have?
I want to do a haircut to be divorced.
When's the doctor coming?
I'm afraid she's three minutes late.
It's the wrong color.
The year's broken.
Is this seat by the hallway or by the window?
You can never do a diet with your body thin like that.
I'll be fifteen minutes late for the meeting.
One with the name of the warehouse, please. I'll use it to claim the insurance you paid.
It's for my personal use.
I'd like to go somewhere where I can eat some local food.
I'd like a three-card carrier, please.
I want a cheaper bag.
I had a sudden, severe back pain.
I'm on a long walk.
I want to leave as soon as possible. Is there an early flight?
Thank you for all the tip you gave me. You're such a kind person.
Can you get my luggage to the room?
What models do you want?
How about ten pounds for three?
You have to keep walking down this road until you get to a little park.
I want this.
What color are you thinking?
We'd like to get a table by the window.
I'm sorry they're all sold out.
Show me one for one of the girls.
So everything about this place is new to you, right?
Can I walk around?
What got you interested in certain features of this country?
Can we stay in our room for thirty minutes after the hotel departure?
Sorry, the number's not right.
A much bigger table, please.
Of course. It's nothing. Don't worry about it. I hope you'll be more careful next time.
Can you explain to me how to light the lights?
Please show me one of those in the box.
Can you move in that direction?
Is there any change in our schedule?
I'll do it.
Do you have anything for only $80?
And most streets have no names or signs. So it's a little hard to get to a place just by the address.
He's a very expensive artist. So, please be careful.
Please give me sunscreen.
Please call me a cab.
Is that fresh?
How much does it cost to rent the stadium at one o'clock?
I'll give you two dollars to make it two hundred dollars.
I'm blind.
Is it on the right or the left?
I want pants.
I want to take a walk to relax.
Can I load it?
How much does it cost to airmail it to Japan?
Can I have two seven-star cartoons?
No milk, please.
Do you know your ticket number, travel agency, date of issue and payment method?
How much is a room a night?
You won. Five would be good.
I want to go back to the hotel and find my camera.
It's a matter of life and death.
You have to take a taxi, where there is no public transportation.
There are twelve baseball teams in Japan.
In the third apartment building on your left.
Or I can make a call from one station to another in Tokyo, please.
I'd like to do the interview.
Aren't you going to play tennis with me next week?
Are we gonna get on this?
Sorry, I'm looking for a leather jacket.
What a nice meal.
What kind of clothing store are you nominating for me?
Can I have the cut and delete the slice you ordered?
Three of us want to play. How much does it cost?
We'll be there thirty minutes early.
Thanks for calling.
Cigar, who's your class, if you have any.
I'd like to get a wake-up call.
Which one is gingerbread?
Can you do it in half an hour?
I want a special map of the bus route, please.
You're the one who blamed the accident.
Walk forward on this street for about five blocks. You'll find a pharmacy on the balcony. When you get there, turn right. You'll find it on your left.
Please speak less quickly.
What are you gonna show him next week, please?
We plan to take nine hours.
I'm looking forward to changing guards.
Oh, my God, everybody dances like crazy.
Can we stay on the plane because we have a baby?
What is the artwork on display at the National Theatre?
Can I get a room for tonight?
Yeah, I'm gonna get a Japanese doll for my friend.
Where's the counter for the Japanese lines?
What a great party. Did you like it?
I'm announcing this item.
Nice to meet you too, Bobby. Would you like to go swimming with us?
I have three suitcases.
Where's the lake?
I don't want to eat right now.
I'd like an omelette.
Please widen the waist area by three centimeters.
I'm looking for an interesting souvenir from Las Vegas.
That's not what I ordered.
Are you ticking in this room or going to the library?
Excuse me, press the wooden window frames, please.
Yeah, you're not polite, are you?
I'd like to buy new lenses.
I need more time.
When does the show start?
I'll take this.
I would like to do some shopping in this town. Can you nominate me for a good department store or a supermarket?
I don't have much time. Will it take long?
Once it hit Japan, it caused us many disasters.
Can I get a magazine or something?
I think we're doing it. I'll check it out and be right back.
Tell me, Mr. Morita, is your wife with you here in New York?
You have to change the train at station three.
What bus is going to the central station?
We've only been married for two days.
I'd like a copy of my Raiders Model Eighteen Four and Forty One Zero One.
It's south.
Excuse me, will it take long to prepare our meal?
I prefer Italian food.
How much are the balcony seats?
You can ask the information office there if you get lost.
Are you gonna wrap these things up one by one?
We'll be off in a few minutes. Please make sure the seat belt is securely fastened.
Yeah, but please don't let them go to the deep side or the Jacobean side.
Where's the World Series?
We want a room overlooking the lake.
Are there any mailboxes nearby?
I'd like to buy a bag.
Where have you been?
If I'd stuck with my position a little longer, I'd have gotten it for a less.
Which one do you want, five-pound or ten-pound?
I feel sick. Where's the ship's doctor?
I'm from Greece.
Choose your taste.
When will it open?
There's one behind this hall.
I'm staying with my friend tonight.
I'm afraid your balance is exposed.
Twenty-four.
Oatmeal with two eggs, sausage, tea and milk.
I'll take you there.
This is the address of the hotel where I stay and the phone number. Can you call me at this number as soon as my bag is found?
Do you prefer a table where smoking is allowed or where not?
The slanted part refers to the changes that took place in the ' 90s.
I'd like to eat a lot of vegetables today.
He's thirty years old.
I have my ID. Does my driver's license serve the purpose?
Half a day is thirty dollars, the whole day is fifty dollars.
The price of a wooden board used in surfing is twenty-five dollars for two hours for forty dollars for a full day.
It's so hot. Can you adjust the air conditioning, please?
What is the yen exchange rate for today?
I'm Sujita in room thirteen twenty. I just entered the hotel but this room is smaller than I expected. Can I change rooms?
Can you write the address back on that?
Is the Fifth Street bus stop here?
I have three days'worth of meals in cash.
I'd like to go to the Harrods. Do you have a map, please?
Where can I buy a popular handmade item?
What do you do in your free time?
How can I make a call overseas?
What are the popular sports in Japan?
Do you have any batteries for this camera?
Could you please fax me a map to your office?
Are you ready to order, ma'am?
We recommend you take a tour of Boston. It gives you a chance to see important places in Boston.
I'm trying to get to the address on this card.
Hey, is this Boston for insurance?
Is there a beauty salon in this hotel?
It was my favorite meal.
Now I've got it wrong.
Which regions in Austria?
I'd like to send a wire.
Are you the last in this class?
Where's this train going?
I think the reservation is over.
Good kick. Almost got the point.
Can I use the phone?
What's the maximum time for parcel mail?
I want it to be eight and a half.
Can you tell me about the nice places here?
Is there a department store near here?
Table for two, please.
Can you tell me if there's a fish restaurant nearby?
Well, the Empire State Building is on the right of this road, so what you're gonna do is go to the bus station in this corner and move forward.
How much is that?
Which kind of dessert do you prefer, ice cream or ice cream?
That's not possible with my budget.
Should we order all the meals?
No, we're not ready yet.
I booked for two nights.
Do you have any whiskey?
Can you call me if you find my bags?
Can I see your driver's license, please?
Who says he's calling, please?
How does that look to me?
Not too little. That could be one of the reasons women don't stick to a company.
How long does it take to re-issued a passport?
Wrap it up, please.
She's getting better.
And I am.
I'll have some butter.
I took the wrong bus.
How big is it?
I'd like to catch a ride from San Diego.
I was thinking about getting this course in the next semester.
Can you cook that meat again?
Please call the doctor.
I'm going to do a X-ray.
Is there anywhere to change the money?
I'd like a hair curl.
Can I have some pills?
I'm afraid I can't go to sleep because of this bad news.
How do you calculate cancellation fees?
Our journey begins on July 1st and ends on July 7th.
I'm not interested.
How can you pronounce the name of this station?
I'll pay myself.
Is the museum open today?
The wine isn't cold enough. Can you make it cooler?
Let me see a different one.
Like this, please.
I'm fine, too, thank you.
How long are you going to be in New York City?
Can I cancel the dessert? I already have enough of it.
Can you change me this card to another that can stick.
Is there a bus from the airport to the Sheraton Hotel?
What's the most interesting thing about you right now?
I want my money back. Can I have my money?
Yes, number four seven eighty.
Just one now.
Right ahead. You'll see the sign. You can't miss it.
You're gonna have to take it to the gift wrapping counter.
How long will it take to print it?
I hope I can visit your country.
Tell me straight.
What's the delivery date?
Draw me a map, please.
I don't have a reservation here, but do you have a room for two nights?
I want to leave the hotel now. Can you take my luggage down?
I probably can't have a drink like that anywhere else.
Where's the southbound direction?
If you buy this too, you'll use the tax-free amount.
Can I have a blanket?
Did he say the next stop was 23rd Street?
Should I book in the dinner cart on the train?
Good evening. Do you have any tables open for two?
What are your hobbies?
Yeah, what's the value of the money I'm depositing as a starting point?
Yeah, I'll have a beer with the side dishes.
Please clean this blouse.
Do you want to leave anything?
Yeah, I'm free.
What things have you stolen?
He was tall, blond.
Can I see your vaccination certificate, please?
Which one is cigarettes?
Put the tablecloth on one and crush it with this hammer.
The bus runs at night when there is less traffic. That's why it rarely delays.
I've been having stomach pain for five days.
I'll definitely take you there.
Do you travel a lot?
Can you rent me the drawer?
That your house is too big.
I'm from the United States.
Can I have tea instead of coffee?
I don't think we've met before.
You got an extra postcard?
Can you send this to me?
I have a plane ticket to San Francisco.
I'd like some coffee.
Where's the Japanese consulate?
I want rice.
Yeah, there it is. Here comes the train. Have a nice day.
Can I have some patisserie?
Can you fax this number?
Can we meet at 3: 00 instead?
I lose the ability to see things in terms of their relative importance when I travel abroad, and I squander money to the right and left.
Apple pie, please.
How many paid leave do you get a year?
Table for four, please.
Hey, hey.
Right. You want to go swimming with me?
I've always wanted to do something like this.
I'd like to propose a toast to Mr. William.
Thank you, I'll come. We hope you come to us once too.
If it's only fifteen minutes from the station, then I'll walk it.
I'd like to go to a museum.
I'm thinking about taking advantage of ABC's special discount for Hawaiian travelers next month.
I think so. You'll be all right.
Can I get two tickets to the novel " Miserable " on June 7th?
Do you only sell new books, or do you also shop in used volumes?
I want to send a letter to Japan.
When I was walking on Broadway.
I want a bowl of food.
One first grade for one to Cali, please.
Please call a taxi at two o'clock.
- Good health, thank you.
Is there anything interesting here?
I want a cheaper hotel.
The bonsai looks like a pyramidal hobby.
Please tell the Japanese Consulate after you have informed the police.
Can I get them all? I really need them.
I haven't decided yet. Can you give me more time?
He's got a headache.
You want a drink with the meal?
Give me thirty liters.
Oh, yeah?
Is there a military parade tomorrow?
It's not working. Do you have an extra one?
It's the wrong thing.
I got my bottle of whiskey.
Would you like to have a cup of coffee with me?
I need a medical certificate and a receipt for my insurance.
Half a headache.
Gifts to my friends.
My chest hurts.
There's a refrigerator full of drinks in the back of the cart.
Oh, no. Please hurry up. We're late.
I want a bottle of water, please.
The hotel food is expensive, so let's go out somewhere.
I don't want to spend more than twenty dollars.
Where do we start?
Excuse me, where's the post office?
Please show me the costs.
I don't know.
Two ten-dollar seats, please.
How do you like meat cooked?
Please sort out what you lost.
Why didn't you take off? Tell me what's going on.
What's your blood type?
Can you show me the way?
I want a snack, please.
What's the most popular diet food in your store?
You have to go to Vienna.
How much is the fee? Can you put the fee on a piece of paper?
Can we wait for a table?
Hudson Street is the third stop?
Where is the Bluffanza private registration office?
Take a picture of us, please.
I want to rent a boat chair.
Your name and address are here.
Wait a minute, please.
Do ladies have to wear a wake-up dress?
Whose work is this?
The black is beautiful.
Please take a picture of me.
Don't touch me.
I want to call the car rental company.
A table by the window, please.
Please let me know when we get to Boston.
I want red paint, please.
Did you keep your check numbers?
I want to buy the best seats possible.
Now go to customs.
Do you have any cigarettes?
I prefer to sit in the front of the plane.
My mail lamp is on.
We need to call the information department at the hotel lobby. They'll book.
What station?
He's a thief.
This soup tastes strong.
What's in this bag?
We can go to Tiki Point if the wind isn't strong.
It's for my personal use.
That's great.
I want a movie for this kind of light, please.
It's about helping the fatigued with the funeral expenses.
I'm closing now. Thank you for your attention.
I'm sorry. I'll get you some tea right away.
Excuse me. Can I have a blanket?
Do you understand me?
Okay. Turn left at the next stop. You'll see it right in front of you.
Is there a place to rest?
Do you have any other colors of this?
Does that include the price of the express train?
When and where can I get it?
Who is that?
Which do you think is better for my skin, dark-colored nail polish or light-colored nail polish?
Thank you. That means we'll arrive early in the morning. Do you think I can take the subway to the city center?
What kind of stuff does the medicine contain?
Yeah, I got a room reservation for one person.
Do you have the open front of these?
Excuse me. Can you tell me where the taxi is?
Oh, I understand what happened.
How far is this hotel?
Can you show me where the seat is on a map, please?
He said he'd call you later.
Please adjust your seats to vertical.
And to drink?
Does this street lead to the C&A department store?
Sorry to bother you. Can I have a red pencil?
I want to set up a meeting with Mr. Watson.
I'll show you how to use oats for food.
Excuse me, officer. Can you help me? I can't find the ABC National Museum.
The waiter will come to pick up your order. Please call the waiter when you are ready to order.
There you go.
No, I'll take them on account.
Can I use a tourist check?
Yeah, we got it. What kind do you want?
Isn't it cold?
I'm at Kennedy Airport now. What's the fastest way to your hotel?
You're in seat sixteen A. Walk down this hallway, to your right.
No jeans or short sleeve shirts.
I mean, what do you like in a meat sandwich?
Are you pregnant?
Can you call us a cab?
We're happy to accept your offer.
Where's the nearest hardware store?
I've never done it before.
How accurate is that?
Uh, it's not working, is it? You can move to a vacant seat if you want.
Is there a book in Japanese?
No stock, but it's been ordered.
I prefer a vegetarian restaurant.
The door lock is broken.
Yeah, there it is.
I'm looking for this.
Number five one one seven two seven three in Los Angeles, please.
Is there a tour?
What cold medication do you recommend?
I don't like pork.
Please drop this on the service page. There's a charge.
Please send this mail to Japan.
I'll take her with me.
I'll be right back.
Okay, sir. What kind of dessert do you want to cook?
Can I stay on the plane during the waiting period?
Sure. We'll have it fixed before you get back.
A regular bus or a sleeping bus?
Tourist checks. Thank you. Take your ticket and boarding pass. Be there an hour before your flight time, please.
I'm the one who thanks you.
Just a little piece.
Where are you from, basically?
Yeah, I've been wanting to visit this place for a long time.
Sure. It looks like there's no problem.
It's a sharp pain.
I'll pay by my insurance.
The name is Goro Motoiyama. The number is zero three three two six one two four nine five.
Are there any tours to the Statue of Liberty?
I feel very sick.
Come on, just say it.
We have a great fish fry today.
Okay, I'll tell you what to do. You didn't tell who you were with and I won't tell who I was with.
What do you usually do in your spare time?
I hope we meet again someday.
It's green, and almost that size.
Please give me a map of the city.
What time is Cossey's love story?
Sorry, no one's answering the phone.
I have a bleed in my nose.
Some go to Tokyo Central Station and big hotels.
Thirty pounds, please.
Excuse me, where's the public phone?
Okay, are you gonna have coffee now or later?
Thanks anyway.
Yeah, I had a fresh peach last night.
I think it makes me look older.
Can you show me this, please?
Tell me about the most exciting reggae clubs in New York.
What's the band made of?
Today we have minestrone soup, onion cream and vegetable soup.
What's the difference between your product and your competitor's?
Is it acceptable that no one follows the security instructions?
I'll have an un-sweet martini. And an orange juice, please.
Have you ever had any heart disease?
My eyes are swollen.
I'm looking for a short sleeve cotton shirt.
Anything less than a hundred dollars, please.
He leaves here at exactly nine.
Thanks, exactly the same, but actually I have to go.
Shiny surface, please.
I want eight dollar bills and twenty dollar bills.
We have this new product designed for working women.
I'll take this.
It's a high-quality service that's dependent on it.
Are the back streets dangerous?
Yes. Please take the necessary action.
Yeah, just one. When will I know? How will I be compensated?
Just look, thank you.
I think you can get it in full at the supermarket. Don't worry if you can't. I'll go to the pharmacy tomorrow.
That's not necessary, sir. We'll take care of this when you check in. Check-in starts at 2:30 pm, but we can keep your bags if you want to see some sights before then.
Here's my ID card.
Can you get me some boiling water?
I have a chronic illness.
I think there's something wrong with the bill. Can you check it back, please?
We prefer a table by the window.
Can you clear the cigarette lighter, please?
What are the popular tourist attractions near here?
Nice to meet you, Mr. Smith.
I want to stay two days.
Please tell me the cheapest way to San Francisco.
Would you do me a favor?
What kind of perfume do you want?
Is that the shortest straight line?
Let's see. The game starts at two?
I want to get off at St. Paul's.
How safe is it?
Can I attach a letter to it?
Mr. Watson, the interim number two zero one, please.
I don't know which one to put.
You know the restaurant, Kiya?
Here, this is the most common.
I have a reservation, Akayama.
When you get off the elevator, you'll see it to your right.
Okay, press this button. Loss, it's not working. Sorry, it's broken.
How are you, Mr. Takagi? We haven't met since last spring, have we?
We've seen a lot of migratory fish.
I'll be back later.
I want to know when I can get back here.
One way.
I'll get fat if I sit here and eat all the time.
If you need any help, please ask the hosts on board. We have a crew on board that speaks Japanese, French, Chinese and Spanish.
A hundred dollars without taxes.
Please fasten your seat belt and watch the " No Smoking " sign until it goes off.
Does it have a bathroom?
Here's the boarding pass and the claim card.
Can I have an extra plate?
I need some medicine.
There's two of us, so can we get the big size?
I left my passport in the cab.
Forty dollars.
Is there a good nightclub with a flamenco show?
Our hotel is arranging to provide a childcare maid.
Sorry, we're going to be twenty minutes late.
Is there a Japanese restaurant nearby?
Something easy to drive with a left-wheel drive and a two-liter class.
Is it indoors or outdoors?
This is my mailing address.
Here's the claim card and the boarding pass.
Uh, I think at seven o'clock, I suggest.
I locked the car while I was out.
You can score a better number of points.
It's a beautiful dress you're wearing.
I didn't think it would be so crowded.
I feel a pain around the stomach area.
Can you change my seat for another in the smoking section?
That's the amount for long distance calls.
Are you planning on selling your products in the United States?
Can you get me another beer?
Jim and I have been friends since high school.
Fried eggs and hops with salted pork, please.
Ticket for ten passengers, please.
Just a minute, ma'am. I'll check it out.
My foot hurts.
No one with my name lives here.
Where's the nearest laundry?
Where can I find a tour bus? When and where can I take the bus?
The top is a little big. Can you adjust it?
Can you change our seats, please?
Is there a golf course here?
I want to cancel the reservation on the May 5th flight and another reservation on May 9th instead, please.
Our seats are separated.
Can I keep this key card?
Is there anyone who can understand Japanese?
Actually, I want to get an insurance policy on this one, too.
I'm so sorry to hear your father's death. Please accept my heartfelt condolences.
I want Italian, please.
Did you finish your paperwork?
Five ten-dollar coins, please.
Can I get two adult tickets to the Cats?
You better sit down and catch your breath after your long trip from Japan.
The bill came in at a hundred dollars.
The emergency exits are in the front, middle and rear of this plane.
What salary isn't included?
Has she been followed?
Well, your reservation has been confirmed.
Where's the burn on your hand?
Who are the designers?
Can you wrap them together?
Blue Cat. It's an old jazz quartet.
What carriage is this cabin in?
The heel is too high.
We want a table on the balcony.
Congratulations. I heard you got a job with ABC.
Does it include the price of the service?
This means that the film may not be suitable for children under the age of fifteen. So parents need to consider whether they will let children watch the film.
I want to reserve a good table to watch the show.
It costs ninety-nine dollars.
You'll have an hour to do what you want here.
I want to be back in Tokyo by Friday.
How do you want the money? Please fill out this form and sign here.
Are the jewelry exempt?
What's your favorite movie now?
I'm not sure now.
I bought lipstick as a gift.
When are you leaving?
I'm sorry. Can you repeat that, please?
Until September of the year one thousand nine hundred and nine and ninety.
Can I take this class even as a freshman?
I want to shop. Where's the nearest shopping area?
We want to see a movie. What do you suggest?
Who did it?
But as you know, the LTs are gonna make it cheaper.
How much does a long distance call to Tokyo cost?
What other colors are available for Chevrolet cars?
I can't decide what to ask. What do you suggest?
Sometimes my stomach hurts.
How much do you charge per person?
I've given you the time of departure.
Don't you sell them one by one?
Do you have low-calorie dishes? I'm on a diet right now.
Can you book me in a theater?
This way, turn right.
I have a bottle of Japanese rice wine.
Unreserved seat, please.
Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like a drink?
No drawings necessary.
I want you to come with me, please.
Now you're booked.
I want to book a seat in Economy on my Sunday flight to London.
It has thirty words. So three dollars, please.
The doorman can help you, or you can get her a cab.
Is the zoo closed?
Yeah, I got two tickets to Giants and Scammers.
We're the biggest supplier of microcomputers.
What's the father's name?
I want to book a little bedroom.
Two people.
Thanks. Me too. See you later.
My name is Suzuki. I have a reservation for six.
Cigarettes, please.
I just want my hair cut.
I want a chain bracelet.
Double room with bathroom, please.
I fell down the stairs.
I want to go around the island.
Let's take a break. You want coffee?
I'm coming.
I left the key to the room inside. Can I borrow the corresponding copy of the key, please?
What is the ice cream you suggest?
Uh, that one. It looks pretty on you.
How much do I pay as a tip?
Excuse me. Does this bus go to the Union Square Holiday Inn?
Can I get out of the car in Boston?
Can you get me a ticket?
Can I have a big bag?
This soup is so hot.
I want islands.
We'll call you as soon as we find her.
Do you have a hobby of collecting stuffed animals?
I want to make a reservation on Japan Airlines on March 20th.
There's no snow.
Where's the foreign language book?
Can Japan produce all the food it needs?
Do you have any Japanese novels?
Two slices and a bottle of spray.
It's crowded today?
Give me some cigarettes.
So it means I never failed.
I'm sorry. Well, I guess how to handle everything.
How many days of vacation do you get a year?
We'll be staying for at least a week.
I need an air pump.
Can I take the subway to the Marine Tower?
I canceled the A.A. Eleven I was supposed to be on.
I live in Kamakura and I hope you come and see my house.
Where's the men's room?
I think it's pretty clear to me.
I have some things you need to do.
Please tell me your phone number.
Excuse me, can you suggest me a hotel?
Oh, how I've been longing to see you here.
That's the last thing I'm gonna do.
Trains leave from Kings Cross.
I lost my suitcase.
When are we coming back?
Japanese teenagers care about music.
I want to measure this shoe.
Yeah, I called recently.
Do you have any wine that isn't too expensive?
I put on a hair clip today.
Is the plane on time?
How much do you charge to re-release it?
Where can I buy tickets to the mountain elevator?
Yeah, I did. They lived next door to me in California, but they moved to Florida two years ago. What about you?
Stonehenge looks fun. Are there any tours you can go nearby?
I got a serious injury to my right foot.
I'm staying at the Hilton.
Don't you have any food to eat?
When does the train start?
By land mail.
How do you like the steak, sir?
I want to take the bus to the airport.
I'm sick.
Thanks for picking me up from the airport.
My baby looks tired from the fever.
I'm afraid Saturday is going to be cloudy.
How much does it cost to rent a car for a driver for a while?
This size, please.
The Cultural Merit Awards are given to outstanding artists and scientists on this day.
I'm Japanese.
I love apples, but today I want to eat grapes.
Please cancel my card.
A bottle of red wine, okay?
Sure. Do you have something specific, a specific food in mind?
Is that five cents silver?
What's with the sauce?
I got a thousand dollars in cash.
Turn left. It's to the right.
How much do you charge for three days?
Could you carry this bag, please?
That's too expensive.
It's a small car, preferably a Japanese car.
What's the specialty of this country?
We have two or three in a nice area. You want me to book for you?
Yeah, take the bus to Kyoto Station.
Can I have a hundred grams of squash salad?
You want another printer?
By the way, did you fill the tank before you returned the car?
I want to go to San Diego.
There was a political reform after his death, which is known as the " Taika-era reform. "
Is this just for the members?
I left my handbag on the train.
Sorry, but the word " omeditojimasu " is so long that it's hard to count the number of words. Since it shouldn't be more than fifteen characters each, I want you to divide it into two.
She's leaving from bus stop number two.
If you want it.
What kind of authority do you have?
Can you draw a map to get me there?
I'll take what you suggest.
What's on display now?
I want an ink pen, please.
Yeah, uh, I pay with a credit card.
Please bring breakfast to my room.
Do you have any pantions?
My spoon fell off.
Please cash a personal check.
The room price is six thousand yen a night.
My name is Mayumi Yamagushi from Japan. I just arrived at the hotel.
My foot hurts.
The sun is really hot. Did you put sunscreen on?
It takes about half a day. The tour guide will be here to come and pick us up around 9:00 a.m.
Where's the stadium?
There's a missing bottle.
I want an Italian suit.
Well, it looks like you're about the same size as me. I usually wear a medium size.
The old wall clock is off. Can you change it?
Well, it looks a little tight from the shoulders.
I want a replacement card. When can I get it?
Can you call the police?
My phone number is four zero four one two three four five six seven.
Is there a problem?
New Year's dishes called ossichi ryu are prepared in almost every home right now.
Can I get this on the plane?
A half-day tour gives you the desire for other things.
I'll ask if I can take a picture with him.
What kind of leather did you make this book bag of?
All I want to know is if the project will be profitable.
It's really good.
The fare is different than reading the meter.
You're kidding. Is there a cheaper way to send it?
I want to convert the Japanese yen to US dollars.
Nice. You want a drink that fits that?
Can I move to the first row?
I want to do the exit recording now. Can you unload my luggage?
Recharge the battery, please.
Is there a clinic near here?
I'm ready to order.
Do you have a fuse?
Who do I call if I have trouble?
Will this flight leave on time?
The herbal bath salts make your skin soft and smooth.
I'll take three hundred grams of this.
He slipped into the middle of the street where there was no intersection.
By any chance, do you have travel insurance for this trip?
It's for your personal use, of course.
Write the airline name and flight number as well.
I want to leave the car at San Francisco airport.
Some candy?
I want to make sure it's time to leave.
I'll be at the Hilton.
Can you mail me this?
It's Sunday, and Sunday is the worst day.
We have a family of four, including my parents and my younger sister and me.
What's the artist's name?
Tell him to call before ten Japanese time.
How do I get to the temple?
What are you drinking?
Can you give me the phone number of a taxi company?
Three fried doughnuts and a little doughnuts, please.
I'll be there in about an hour.
Hey, Pierre Van Fish & Grill. Can I help you?
Thank you. Can I speak to Mr. Yamata, please?
Is there a duty-free shop near here?
How do you withdraw money?
Yes. I want to confirm my reservation for flight seventeen to Tokyo on Sunday. My name is Rico Mori.
I want to know what kind of colors will be in fashion this fall.
I want to reserve a sleeping seat for Washington, D.C. please.
I suggest you also visit the United Nations building on the east bank of the river.
It's ninety-nine. I want to spend about ninety-nine dollars.
Please show me this cooker. Third.
If this guy is a Buddhist, yes. But many families have funerals in their homes.
A white shirt and a pair of socks.
About a thousand dollars.
What's the cheapest ticket?
A slice of beef and a green salad, please.
All right. Please take your time. Let me know if you need anything.
That's the one I'm wearing.
I want to order pizza. Who delivers here? What number?
I'll be late.
Do you have a better room?
It takes a whole day. The State Guide will be here to pick us up at exactly nine in the morning.
Please choose a good wine for our meal.
I want a fifty-dollar bill and five ten-dollar bills, please.
Tokyo has a population of about twelve million. It's crowded and the cost of living is high.
You can make a direct call from your room.
How much do you charge for a one-time extra fee?
No ice, please.
How much extra time before we start?
Is this cream for dry skin or oily skin?
Sorry, I got lost.
Well, I was thinking of Sushi.
I want to participate in tomorrow's optional round.
Yeah, it's a waste disposal problem.
I want this model for five seats.
Can I get a discount if I buy them all?
Most families have two sources of income.
Oh, this silver is rare. " Moon and Bell. " Sure you want to change it?
Can I have two cans of milk, a quarter gallon each?
We'll stay all night.
I want to rent a car.
The third of November is a cultural holiday.
I'm looking for a ten-year-old girl's shirt.
I lost my passport.
Yeah, I got these.
My mom and sister are coming from Japan to see me. They'll be here about seven o'clock.
Put the headset on once, please.
Help me out.
You're charging more than the fee.
Wait. Three blocks and turn left?
Who's the hero?
Is there a market near here?
I don't know how to close these curtains.
How do I get to Central Park?
I'm upset about him.
Send it by express mail, please.
Please send this as unpacked baggage.
How much is the bus fare to Boston?
Go through that door and turn right.
You'll have to pay extra for the dessert.
I'm looking for others.
My name is Hisai Chiba. I'm Japanese.
I want some patisserie.
Give me a box of that kind.
Brown is a favorite color this year.
Yeah. But we have a lot of independent small retail stores in smaller towns and even in the old part of central Tokyo.
Do you have anything better?
What do you suggest I see in Kyoto better than anything else?
Good idea. When do you plan on coming?
Where do you work?
Can I order a vegetarian?
How much is the room?
It's not that bad. But I prefer it to have a little more spices.
Can you suggest a French-English dictionary?
Thank you. How nice to see you.
Can I take a break at a hotel near here?
Eighteen dollars for stamps. This is your customs declaration for your discharge.
When's the doctor coming?
Okay, two seats, please.
Is there any drinks on the boat?
The draught looks nice from here.
Can I help you in any way?
I want to see the financial district.
I'm taking swimming lessons.
Do you have any coffee ready?
This airport aisle isn't too crowded on a Tuesday afternoon.
Is he too bright?
Yeah, let me see. I want a bottle of wine to start with.
Fix the lamp, please.
I want to change the booking.
You might lose the reservation if you forget.
Any good person would be fine.
We'll meet you at the pool at about 1: 00, okay?
No, this pier is for the train that goes in the opposite direction.
Where's the market?
Thank you. I appreciate your concern.
I want a dinner for under thirty dollars, including drinks.
I want you to make me these clothes.
Hi. I booked for tonight at seven. But I want to change the time. My name is Suzuki.
Do you have a passport and a ticket? See, this is a duty-free shop.
What kind of products are for oily skin?
It's about to start.
How about a movie?
I want to cash a tourist check.
No, we're not doing that, sir.
I'd like to measure my racing suit.
You can walk or take the subway. Here's the subway map.
Here's the tip, for you.
I want a sandal, please.
Fruit flowers. They bloom in the spring.
Two more beer bottles, please.
I thought you guys only ate baked cakes.
Ten, please.
Thank you. Please let me know when we get there. I'm a total stranger to London.
Black. Can you show me another pair of black?
How long does it take to get a change and how much does it cost?
Please warm up the room right away.
Okay, let me get a round-trip ticket.
How was it?
They're usually a light-inch or two-inch snowfall.
At the Plaza Hotel, room seven zero two.
I don't know. I'm just talking to them all.
Your song is beautiful, wonderful.
I'll drop you off right away.
I ate a while ago.
What is the price of a first-class ticket to Edinburgh, please?
It's a pleasure.
Do you have stamps?
Sure. When do you want to play?
When's the closest?
Looks like the money you gave me is less than ten bucks.
Hey, is this the Browns?
May I see that hat in the cafeteria, please?
I called Mr. Smith in room two-zero-one a few moments ago, but no one answered. Can you see if he's still staying here?
It'd be nice if the weather was nice tomorrow.
How long is it from here?
I ordered a non-smoking seat, but I'm sitting in a smoking seat now.
All right. Please reserve two first-class seats on this flight.
You have an excess wormhole.
Can you find me a nanny?
It's a little brown bag. It's made of leather.
I want a new one.
Which is better: bus or subway?
It's two and ten minutes.
His ankle is swollen.
I was really lucky to get a ticket tonight. I didn't get to town until 3: 00 p.m.
One of the windows locks is broken.
I work for a publishing company.
I want to send it by express mail.
Would you please fill this up?
Are there any private rooms available in first class?
Can I have my gift box for these?
What's that street?
I've brought so many souvenirs to put in my suitcase, I wish I had a suitcase or something.
Can you weigh this?
Okay, sir, let me take care of your luggage first.
Same thing, please.
Okay, my reservation's been confirmed, so can you call the manager, please?
What do you call that in English?
Just walk down this aisle, and you'll find her on the right.
I don't have any money.
I want to insure this.
Check everything out, please.
Give us a nice table near the platform, please.
Shall we go to a bar?
Can you get me a smaller size?
Good morning. This is the front desk. Can I help you?
If you're going to smoke, please move to the classes from number forty to fifty.
- Calm down.
Please fold your sleeves.
It's very generous of you to let me stay here.
Is this bus going to the airport?
I want to reserve a table for three.
What about this afternoon, about 4: 00?
It's 3: 00 in the morning.
On the fifth floor.
Where did I report her?
Do you have a beginner course?
I want some wax pens.
It's not necessary to clean the room.
All right, please come in.
Yes, sir. I come here for breakfast every day, Monday through Friday, before I go to work.
Isn't it a beautiful day?
Who's the manager?
Open your bag, please. These are pills, aren't they?
Can I make a reservation at 8:30 tomorrow morning?
There's no problem.
Please call me three two six two nine one eight.
Saturday's not right because I have to help my dad.
I want to go to the nearest bus stop.
He stole my passport.
Bring rice and vegetables.
I want to change my order.
Yes, sir. I'll turn your call around right away. Please wait.
I'd like to invite you to a birthday party.
Okay, you need to call me before you come next time.
Where's the field?
Do you have any other trips?
You can take them to the gate before boarding. Please show me this receipt there.
Yeah, we can do your service starting at seven.
There are no such shops in Japan. So, what can I do?
- Yes, I did.
Please lie down here.
What a quick service!
I want to change my flight to October 9th.
A pork rib is popular here.
Can you tell me when the bus will arrive at Forty-second Street?
Turn left at sign two, please.
Where are the other people?
What floor?
In different colors?
Maybe it'll keep coming up.
Is there a microwave?
Where's the convention center?
First class, non-smoking seat, please.
Do I have to get the bed?
Can you re-release it in a day?
What's your special?
I'm with my husband.
Can you show me some ID cards?
My blood type is A.
Can I move into a room overlooking the ocean?
A ticket, please.
Can I walk over there?
What kind of room do you prefer?
Please turn left at the next intersection.
Show me, please.
Excuse me. How do I get to the bank?
Sure. TNAK. The card number is one two three four five six seven eight. It expires in September of the year two thousand and one.
It closes, what time?
Is there a bus service to the Ford Museum?
Please lock the passengers.
Yes, your name and room number, please.
Tourist check, all right?
How long does it take to get to Japan by air mail?
Do taxis come here?
The World Trade Center might be a good place.
What did he say?
What's the familiar outfit?
Okay, see you Sunday at 2: 00.
It's a little blue bag carrying a night.
Do I have to move on to another plane?
Can you tell me the code for the St. Louis area?
I want telephoto lenses.
I've been driving around this area for over ten years.
I need a light.
Can I get a medication?
I'm sick and dizzy. Is there a seat to lie on?
Is that vinyl?
My key, please. Room three one forty.
Can you put a mark on my map?
Where should I wait?
Where's the mall?
I want to go through New York on my way to Toronto.
The slippery slope broke. Do you have another one of the same kind?
Please convert this money to dollars.
I get tap water, ice.
Do you have free movies?
Today's first dive sites are one of the most famous in Hawaii.
Please move me to another room.
I need a thermometer.
That's a slap in the face.
There's something wrong with the candidate.
I want to make a reservation at seven.
I want to reserve two seats for Friday night.
Can you confirm my flight? Here's the flight ticket.
It's over there behind the hospital.
How much is a second-class ticket to New York?
What exciting novel do you suggest?
We have aspirin.
I hurt myself.
Put the headset on, please.
How do I get there?
I want a sample of your poultry.
Do you have this in dark green?
Can you take me to Canterbury and bring me back here?
You're supposed to take your luggage off the baggage track.
How long does the train stand here?
You need to take a stomach medicine.
Are they open on Sundays?
How much do you pay a month?
Please give me your honest opinion on this.
Can I have another fork?
Thank you so much for your kindness.
How much is the surcharge?
My stomach bleeds when I push it.
Can you keep this for me?
I put the baggage claim card on the ticket.
Drunk ones are themselves in every country.
Okay, why don't you check the bathroom first? I'll check and see if it's in the restaurant.
Please show me a little smaller one.
I'm injured and I need an ambulance.
Where can I get a limo to the Hilton?
Water leaks from the drill.
Can you send me the stuff you left behind?
Can I make a call from this phone?
I'm not sure.
I want to try the local special.
Sorry, we're not selling tickets to the theater.
I want to see this.
Oh, that's nice. What should I do?
Then I want to draw your attention to map number one, police three.
Is there any change on flight two five two to Osaka?
I want to stay here for another two days.
What do you think of this paper plane made in Scotland?
Oh, that's what I want to do now. One, two, sleep.
Please change my seat.
I want a light curl for my hair, please.
Is there a little bus coming to pick us up from Holiday Inn?
There must be something wrong.
Sure. How long do you think it'll take?
I can give you as a substance, but I suggest you go to the doctor for an X-ray.
Please be comfortable and stretch your leg.
You're right. I know. Why don't we go there together?
We have a really nice shrimp today.
It all happened suddenly. So I didn't see their faces.
Thank you. Can you prepare the salad?
Can you get it to this address?
Oh, another one, please. Maybe I threw it in my eye.
What time is it open?
Bring me a plate, please.
I can speak a little English.
Okay, I don't like this color. Do you have this in blue?
Please tell me the address of the mailbox for you in case of an emergency.
I'm sure I filled the tank when I got the car back.
The house looks comfortable to live in.
When does this plane leave?
This is damaged.
Yeah, well, yeah.
Let's go again.
Two tickets for tonight, please.
For smokers or not?
Do you sell tax-exempt goods?
She's got her head hurt.
Is this the baggage carrier for flight seven one four?
I heard about twenty dollars.
My name is Nogucci. I called you from the hotel a few moments ago.
It's too expensive for me. Can't you cut the price a little?
Where's the Japanese embassy? Do you mind drawing me a map?
I want a room with a nice view.
I'm ready Wednesday morning or Friday afternoon.
Is it near the subway station?
I haven't booked.
Bus? I think you mean a limo to take you to the hotel. Which hotel are you going to?
Can you take a picture of me?
I want to withdraw four hundred dollars from my account.
I'll be there in ten minutes.
What time do they open?
This is Mr. Suzuki speaking. I want to ask about the hotel reservation.
How long are you going to stay in Germany?
Can I have a private lesson?
This film contains a lot of violent scenes that are not appropriate for children.
Could you warm up the thermostats, please?
Please change the plan this afternoon.
Because summer in Japan is usually very hot, and we didn't have an old air conditioner.
Thank you. Please come up and get the rest later.
Please drop me off at Fifth Street.
How long does it take to get to the airport?
I want a cure for the drums.
I want to make a reservation at exactly seven.
Can you call me a cab at 8:00 tomorrow morning?
Do you have sex movies?
Is there a Japanese menu?
My car broke down.
It's suspicious.
My friend fell off the cliff.
I'm glad to meet you, sir.
How much did the phone calls to Japan cost?
I can't get in.
Why don't we wait for the bus under the curtain?
When will it be available?
Sorry, I think my seat is right next to yours.
Here we are. This is the British Museum.
Hey, here's a menu.
I want to polish my shoes.
Come on, Kenji. Let me show you around the office.
Yeah, it's open from nine to nine.
It was like a dream.
It's three o'clock.
I'm sorry I can't accept the invitation to be tied up on another date.
Until what time can we use the facilities?
I can't sleep well at night.
I left my purse somewhere.
What list do you recommend?
How did the recession affect the company?
Does it include service charge and tax?
I'm going to the gate in my wheelchair.
I feel so much better now. Thank you so much for everything.
Where can I fix it?
No, not yet. But I'd like to go there someday.
I have another appointment.
Can I have something to read?
I want to set a hair dryer for 3: 00.
How long does it take to get there?
It's cold. Maybe I'll order another blanket?
Does this line go to San Diego?
How long does it take to get to Japan by mail?
Turn left after you pass this pedestrian.
So, are these terms acceptable?
I can't take any more of this.
A light beer, please.
I want a pack of cigarettes.
Can I get a road map of the city?
A lot of cold cases are common these days.
Please heat the dish again.
Should I wear a tie?
I want shampoo for dry hair.
How do I get to the Wany Hotel?
I'm afraid you came to the wrong table.
I want to study medicine.
You still owe me $ 70.
Are there any instructions for care?
Okay, I'll order a Chappelle.
That's exactly what I was looking for.
No, leather bags are higher. This is leather. It's a hundred and seventy-five dollars.
We're interested in furniture.
Can you suggest a good restaurant?
I don't understand your explanation.
Do you sell ink pens?
No, we won't. I have to go home before seven.
I had to arrange a transportation. Going to Boston.
Where's the best place to see sights?
The game's over.
Do you have a pure silver color of this?
Looks like I lost my Mastercard while I was shopping here.
No, thank you. I'm asleep now.
I'm in trouble. Please help me.
What floors are the men's clothes in?
My right hand got burned with hot water in the pot.
How can I get tickets?
My name is Cammy. I have a reservation here for two nights.
Hurry to the airport, please.
I'm not good at English.
You're so sweet.
We're gonna take the subway, but we gotta get some souvenirs first.
I was out. I had about a hundred dollars in my wallet.
Yeah, under the seat.
Where's the nearest grocery store?
No, later, please.
I feel a cold.
Is it firm?
I had a lot of fun.
What's the description of the perpetrator?
Okay, so I want a smaller bat like that with Julia Roberts.
Where's this seat?
There are a lot of historic sites.
Can you take this, please?
Where's the best place I can visit with my friend?
No, no, I'd like to see you.
Does she have a guarantee?
Okay, I can take it for you.
Where's the nearest store?
When are we gonna get there?
So, walk through the green channel.
What are the prices for the dishes today?
Can you convert French francs to pounds?
Passengers on ABC Flight Seven Zero Three to Tokyo please head to Gate 20 to complete the official procedure.
Where can I get my bags from Japan Airlines Flight One Twenty?
Where's the bus stop for me?
Six drinks is ten dollars and fifty cents, sir.
Oh, I'm sorry. Maybe you had somewhere in mind. Where would you like to go?
May I take your order, sir?
Can you believe this kick?
What kind of haircut is popular in the United States of America now?
What is the limestone, Leonjo?
Are you having measles?
Do you like music?
Bath, flood.
Yes, Dr. Johnson kissed me yesterday.
Do you know where it's gonna be?
Can you explain to me how to close the door?
I want to take a dive class.
Where did you make this, and since when?
Where should I leave it in a week?
I understand. You're just paying a little extra.
Hi, I want to order coffee and a quick sandwich.
Damn, I stopped at the security checkpoint again.
Individual entry, please.
Walk in a straight line, and you'll find it to your left.
My ankle hurts.
I feel a little bit of a spin.
Looks like he's enjoying the trip.
What bus were you on?
Can you suggest a comedy movie?
Well, what do you think of this high-quality goatskin belt?
Where can I buy a tablecloth?
It's on this paper.
Can I get a medical report and a receipt for my insurance?
I want to make a reservation at the hotel, please.
Please wait a minute. I'll go ask him.
Drop it off at the Big Hotel, please.
What's the cheapest seat?
Seats as close together as possible, please.
The door won't open.
Can you let me take a picture of you with us?
Do you have fried fish?
Can I hire a Japanese-speaking guide?
Which one do you think is best for an eight-year-old boy?
You mean in the city?
One Blue Plate Special. Did I prepare it?
Do you have maps of the downtown area?
That's on me.
I just came to say hello.
Please fill it up when you return the car.
I don't know what's right because I'm not a smoker.
How long do you want to use it for?
Can you call someone who speaks Japanese?
I want a dinner forty dollars a person.
You want me to take a picture of you?
Looks like it was stolen.
Toast and a cup of coffee, please.
Your name and address, please.
Hey, can I help you?
At around 8:50, if you don't mind.
I didn't have this dish.
Are there any facilities for the disabled?
Will the wound still be on my skin?
We use food sticks for meals.
Happy parties are held under fruit trees.
I've arrived on United Airlines flight five four three.
He cut my finger off. Is there a cleanser?
I'd be so honored to meet a great man like you.
Mr. Einstein, may I ask you a question about the exchange rate? I don't understand how you can accuse Japan of such gross commercial practices.
When can we hit a golf ball?
We'll come and pick you up from the front of the hotel.
Can I have a five-and-nine-cent stamp?
Let me measure your temperature. Do you have an appetite?
Yeah, one minute, please. There's a seat in the back, so you can move in there.
How do I get to this address?
Can you book me a room?
I'll be here at 8: 00 to 4: 00.
I'll take a seat in the main hall.
I want something a little cheaper.
It's a little tight.
They say it's about to snow.
Thank you. I wish you a happy stay.
A sushi is a small, oval-shaped rice ball covered in slices of raw or oatmeal.
I'm afraid I won't be able to get approval for this credit card.
I want perfume.
Can I have a schedule?
I'm throwing a party.
Are you going to school here?
Do you want a place for smokers or nonsmokers?
Can you tell me the value?
No, I'm just looking.
How much was it?
Is the Hilton a long way from here?
I want to call our guide. Can you tell me how to make a call?
Please check my car.
I'll do it. Thanks for your help.
Twenty dollars quarter dollar, please.
Do you know of any restaurants that open late at night?
I'm sure I put it in my paper wallet.
Put your hands up.
Is there a restaurant nearby you can recommend?
Which do you prefer, dark or light?
I'm sorry. I didn't understand what that traffic sign meant.
Are you open 24 hours?
I'm not sure which buses go to Wall Street.
Is this bus near Green Park?
Can you tell me where the plane is flying now?
Can you find me a size that suits me?
Thank you. I'll have another bottle, please.
Can you suggest me any of the tourist agencies?
Three glasses of bramely, please.
You got a fever?
What kind of suitcase?
I want a dick.
The total fare is ninety-five thousand nine hundred and thirty yen.
Another plane ticket, please.
Home medical visits to the room are expensive. Please use the hotel locker room.
Walk down this road and turn right at the intersection.
Where's a nice place to go for a day's walk?
I want a roast beef sandwich.
I'm not the person in charge of the gloves, please take care of him.
I want a red Kelly bag of this kind.
Excuse me. How do I get to Union Church?
Please ask her to call me when she comes in.
About a ten minute walk.
Are you still working on your schedule?
When are we gonna get to Chester?
When does the bank open?
I feel tired.
Sorry, but that doesn't sound right.
My car is running out of fuel.
Hi, this is room one, three, twenty. I want a blanket, please.
Please reserve a table for four at seven. My name is Sakata.
I'll confuse you. Do you mind drawing a map for me?
I don't think they have any more, but I got it from Third Street.
Out there.
Please go to a store.
Summer time starts tomorrow in the United States, if you remember correctly.
Can you keep my bags here till 4: 00?
Did you tell me where I could eat at a low cost?
Take me to the hospital.
I missed a station.
It's eleven and forty o'clock.
Do I have to come to the hospital every day?
I want some metal water.
My stomach hurts.
The air conditioner doesn't seem to work.
How much is the postage to send this letter to Japan?
I want a bottle of Spanish sherry.
Where does he serve dinner?
You mean the Statue of Liberty is worth a visit?
Tokyo zero three two four six zero five seven nine.
Can I order a glass of wine?
It was great.
I couldn't understand that. He said too much.
Put them in the fridge as fast as you can.
Where's the nearest clothing store?
What are the documents needed to file a lawsuit?
I suggest you come in May or October, as they're the best seasons of the year.
This multi-sectional shop has the best selection in town. I'm sure you can buy the rug you're looking for.
I love it where I've wanted to visit her for a long time.
I want a seat by the hallway and near the emergency exit.
I'm sweaty.
Yeah, what do you want to change?
Yeah. Can I see your student ID?
It happens that May 3rd and 5th are national holidays. So we decided to make three days of holidays plus May 4th.
You want someone to pick you up from the airport?
Our food hasn't come yet.
Can you suggest a concert?
The boarding will start at 4:30 so please be there before this time.
It costs five and eighty cents. Don't forget to get a change ticket from bus to bus when you get on, so you don't have to pay again when you change between buses.
A call to Japan and the other side's account, please.
From thirty thousand yen.
Where can I buy a phone card?
Something's wrong with the camera.
Both airports will certainly serve as new windows to enhance connectivity between people in other countries.
When does the store open?
Take line E to Fourth Street and then switch to line F.
A lot of kids go to high school until they get into better high schools and universities.
It's a camera accessory. It's so easy to break.
Can I bring it back to a different city?
I plan to stay for twelve days.
I'm going to New York on business.
The first three minutes are ten cents.
Please make the top a little longer.
Where's the money laundry?
You need to see a specialist.
A few more minutes, please.
What's at the opera tonight?
Route fourteen.
I take this medicine every six hours.
Can you mail this?
The bottom of the sea is covered with coral.
I want to make a call at the expense of the other party.
Sure you have a big selection.
How much do you charge for a yard?
Of course you can. Please open it.
Turn around.
Are we all going in at the same time?
Walk down this street, then turn left at the second pole, and you'll find her.
Can you keep my room key?
You can catch the ANA flight number nine fifty, which leaves for Tokyo at nine and fifty minutes and arrives at Saburo at eleven and twenty-five minutes.
Our oyster dish is a little light.
One class fifty, five class twenty, ten class ten, please.
Turn left at the second pole. It's to your right.
I can't find her anywhere.
Two second-class tickets to Rome.
Do you have any seats available for London?
Can I pay now?
Can you show me the list of cars and their prices?
When does the plane start boarding?
Please show me where I am on this map.
I want to dive underwater using respirators.
Some for a middle-aged lady.
Do you have a blue one?
This is King Street.
Go to the third intersection.
I want a copy of the theft report.
The bathtub pad is out.
Is there a good clothing store?
It's a mile down the street.
You'll have to arrange a seat for me on this trip.
That suitcase looks like my suitcase, but it's not her.
Where can I transfer my money?
It's a discount center. You can buy tickets for half the price.
Can you give me a signal when you're in it?
Ah, that's a long way off, sir. The taxi will be expensive. But you can go anywhere if you learn to use the subway.
Are these cigarettes moderate?
Okay, like this, pull.
When does the semester start?
The next express train is coming in an hour.
I'll send you a picture.
Is there a timeout after the check-out?
Can you break these into one-dollar paper money?
No, I'll call him back.
I'd like to make the sleeves of this sports jacket long.
There's coffee on the table over there, so you'll have to help yourself.
I'd like to shave my hair.
This way you get to the lake.
These two tables show changes in our market share.
I missed my station. How long did it take to get to the next station?
When can I get it?
I'm going to take an X-ray.
You better get an appointment from the doctor.
I have a reservation for two nights.
I have a reservation. This is the reservation confirmation number.
Would you join us in this picture, please?
Where's the shower?
I'm going to the gym. Can I use the equipment freely?
I put it here like this about thirty minutes ago.
Can I eat all this fruit?
Which is cheaper: this or that?
Can I move to a seat next to the window?
I want a car with an automatic transmission.
Please, a five-and-thirty-millimeter color film.
When do you open?
Turn left at the intersection, T.
I'd like a special guide for a whole day.
My stomach is bleeding.
I have insurance.
No, not much. Just two bags.
I'd like a little bottle of mozzarella, please.
This honor is more than it deserves.
Why don't we meet here again tomorrow?
What's the thing that's produced locally?
Here's your bill. It's two hundred and four-eighty dollars.
You want to take a look at another type of blouse?
If you're not in this business, did you suggest a specialist?
Is there a hotel near here?
Do you know of any Spanish restaurants nearby?
How many times do I have to take it?
Thanks for waiting. This is Ohno speaking.
Your birthday is coming up.
How much discount would you give me?
I see that going to museums is very comfortable.
The trains stopped because of the strike.
Can I get some juice?
Okay, wait a minute. I'm sending someone upstairs.
Can you fix that?
Do you have a single room for tonight?
Are there any hiking trails for beginners?
Two, six, nine, one, zero, five, one.
I see you have a nice living room.
Sorry, we don't accept this. We take a visa.
I recommend that.
Am I allowed to take them out of the country?
I need more time to pack my bags.
I asked Ann to sing a song.
I would like to reserve a table for six o'clock on Thursday, August 7th.
What's the show today?
Oh, are we gonna crash into the bottom?
Sherry, please.
The street was packed with cars.
Can you nominate a nice Chinese restaurant near here?
How much does it cost to get to the airport?
I want to leave. Room two, three and sixty.
I booked a bathroom through the Tokyo Tourist Office.
How much was he taking?
What do you think of that?
Can I have a bowel dough?
Can you show me the way to the metro station?
It's the second building to the left of this white building.
That statement is far less than true.
I want to stay another day.
Where's the missing persons section?
- Excuse me. - What?
We booked a seat for October 25th at eleven o'clock in the morning.
No, a little ahead. There, yeah.
Is this a horror movie?
I came to meet my friend.
I want a radio.
Where's the beauty center?
International operator, please.
Sorry, I'm leaving.
All the S-tickets are sold out.
Is there a Japanese bank near here?
What's the bar number?
Did you prescribe me some sleeping pills?
Is there anything made of cotton?
I'd like a seat in the lounge, please.
Yeah, that doesn't include meals.
Where can I get this ticket back?
Can you pay the extra fee and it's fifty percent?
Why is this happening?
I'd like to enlarge this image.
Please press the number zero and call the number you want.
Are there any special rules?
Okay, what kind of room do you want?
There's a malfunction in the adapter.
Yeah, sure.
I'd like a pair of leather shoes.
Do you think we could put it on the shelf over there?
Can we get a guide who speaks Japanese?
Please, I'd like two tickets to Chicago back and forth on the forum bus.
Where's the famous disco?
Can you adjust the length?
Hey, what are you doing in my car?
I want to get some rest.
I'll take this, please.
I need to change my contact lenses. This is the medical card.
Yeah, I think I'll start with the fish-soup.
Did you tell me before we got to this station?
Wow, I did that during all the check-in.
My car broke down. Please come and get it.
I have a reservation for two weeks.
Sorry. My watch doesn't work well. But I'm sure it's after two, anyway.
Can you keep this wine for us till tomorrow night?
I want my hair behind my head a little longer.
I'd like to get some change, too.
Does this street lead to Central Park?
I can't pee and I have pain in my lower abdomen.
Are you allergic?
The number of women in leadership positions is increasing.
Do you have a card?
What do you make with meat?
Let me see.
Let me measure this, please.
Let's go watch a tennis game.
What kind of stuff do you have?
Please get me a pillow.
I agree. It's one of my favorite places.
What kind of model are you thinking of?
Why can't we stay at the hotel we booked?
The number's wrong.
The ribs are very special today.
It's Thursday.
What's the most famous musical now?
Shall I have him call you when he gets here?
My name is Mitsuko Tanaka, and the flight number to Tokyo is five, zero, one.
Please send this letter to the special delivery service.
You have a very environmentally friendly product development system.
All this fat food is still in my stomach.
Could you please draw me a simple map from here?
Where do we meet?
Please arrange the room.
Do you have any models to use in the fax?
I can't sleep in pain.
I'd like to get my hair done the way it used to be.
How long does it take to get to the station?
I didn't use your laundry service.
I need some contraception.
I would like to confirm my flight on July 31 from London to Tokyo.
This is too high for me.
Give me fifty, please.
Sure. Can I get your name and phone number?
I was in a motorcycle accident.
Sorry, I have to cancel our appointment.
I'd like to rent a furnished apartment for a month.
You should check the plants and animals in the quarry if you have any.
Sit up straight.
I would like to exchange fifty thousand Japanese yen for dollars.
Can I get it faster? Because I need it as soon as possible.
He was born in the year one thousand nine hundred and sixty.
I need at least half an hour to pack my bags.
These soft drinks are free.
I'm sorry, but I don't know. I'm a tourist, too.
I want to talk to you more.
I want a pork steak.
What size are you?
Can I measure that?
As you can see, we're suffering from the direct impact of the depression.
Can you get me a seat on a flight tomorrow, please?
Sure. Would you like five ten-dollar bills?
I'm staying at the ABC Hotel. Please call me there.
I was surprised to see him show up from my side street and I didn't have time to avoid him.
I'm taking my son to the zoo.
We'll be in Los Angeles after driving about five hundred and fifty kilometers south from San Francisco.
It was so nice meeting you.
We'd like fries, please. Then put butter on the side.
What does it cost to teach?
You finished?
Where can I get into Japan Airlines?
When does the opera start?
This is our new model. We call it the dream computer.
What's in it?
I want to try a special dish at this fishing port.
Can you get a chair?
You can pay two hundred dollars in Japanese yen.
Please give me a five-and-thirty-millimeter film, thirty-six pictures, and an ASA film, one hundred pictures, and another five-and-thirty-millimeter film, twenty pictures, and an ASA film, four hundred pictures.
The accident got traffic jammed.
What's the price you're thinking?
Can they send this package to Japan by sea mail?
Are there any places in the area that are highly recommended?
Okay, turn right in the next corner. You'll find him right in front of you.
I'd like to book a room in a hotel in town.
For five days.
The red sweater I bought last week doesn't fit. Can I replace it with another color?
Where's the nearest water cycle here?
Where's my seat?
Okay. Three movies for nine dollars and seven and seventy cents.
What happened to me?
Sorry, you're not allowed.
Yes, sir, please.
I'll book this place for me. Will you?
Please give me some change.
Are there any ancient traces?
Okay, I'll make sure your bags are here.
If you just say the word " water, " won't they bring you some potable water?
This is our special dish, the Dover roasted moss.
I don't want to throw up, but I don't have any appetite.
Where is it?
Where's the nearest post office?
I lost my room key. Did anyone bring it back here?
Is there a guide who speaks Japanese?
To Miami, please.
It's hard to get a visa.
It was a good day, wasn't it?
Can you draw me a map?
I want the nearest table, please.
Where's the ticket office?
Do you have anything smaller?
Okay, what kind of fruit do you want?
I'll have some decaf.
Can I take a bag this big on the plane?
I'd like a permanent wave in my hair.
I can't get to that number.
We're staying.
I'm really depressed, but I don't like arguing with people.
Where can I find a limousine to a hotel named.
No, you didn't. Now we're in the middle of a tropical cyclone.
How can I watch TV?
May 15th and 16th?
I had a two hundred dollar credit card in my wallet.
I had a robbery.
I'd like to buy a new pair of glasses.
Okay, should I focus it?
Do you know a good hotel?
He's a professor at A.
Please, I need a carrier.
How long will it be open today?
Can you confirm my flight reservation for October 12th?
That suits me.
Take five dollars for yourself.
Baseball is a very popular game.
I want to buy some fruit. What's right now?
Do they serve good wine in the restaurant?
We'll share.
Do you have any bigger ones?
Where's the bus stop for the Greehund buses?
Excuse me. Is there a store near here?
Yes, I must say this. The Japanese appreciate their expertise and wisdom, especially in business and personal matters.
The restaurant is over there.
The number was wrong.
We have some very good stacco today.
We don't have the same model now. I'll check our inventory. Wait a minute, please.
Can I take a picture of this building?
Replace this bill with coins.
Scotch and water, please.
That sounds great. How much?
Does anyone here speak English?
My name is Miuki Kato and I've been a friend of Mary's since she studied in Japan. Is Mary here?
How many miles is it from here?
Excuse me. How do I get to the station?
Where and when will you be back again?
It's broken.
I'm fine, thank you.
I'm a member of the tourist group.
The number is zero, three, three, three, five, one, six, nine, one.
Take this medical card to the pharmacy. You can get the medicine from there.
Can you show me this ring?
The middle size is too big. Do you have any smaller sizes?
Can you shorten the sleeves of this shirt, please?
Is there a problem?
Please bring me two bottles of whiskey and a bottle of brandy.
I'm allergic to the vaccine pills.
Is this a radio transistor a gift?
In a week, I'll be back in Japan.
You have to call nine and one first, then the area code, then the number.
I ordered it.
Milk tea.
Just cut your hair, please.
Do you sell goods without customs on board?
Why is that happening?
Can I ask your name?
Is there a discount shop near here?
I have a stomachache.
But why?
Yeah, you can stop at any station between here and Chicago.
Is this a direct train to Chicago?
I thought we were going to the beach this afternoon.
Where's the nearest post office?
Excuse me. Are you Mr. Smith, I think?
Where can I buy some souvenirs?
This is a camera.
I don't think I'll have time to visit the zoo on this trip. Thanks for your suggestion anyway.
I lost my contact lenses near here. Did you look for them with me?
I'll travel all over America and stay in many hotels, motels, bars and private homes, if I'm lucky.
I need a new flashlight.
We can get the changes tomorrow at 3: 00. Is that okay?
Is there a subway near here?
It's expensive. I can't buy it.
Where's the mall in this town?
I think you've got the wrong math.
Can you change my desk?
Can I have the ABC and Company phone number in Chicago, please?
I've booked you a flight two, zero, seven, which leaves tomorrow at 7: 50 pm for New York.
Where's the cathedral?
You lost the key to the room?
Twenty-one, ten-one, the rest is dollar bills.
I think this receipt is wrong. Could you check it out, please?
I have seven hundred dollars in tourist checks and three hundred dollars in cash.
It's a dry seaweed we call a yaconori.
How do you like to eat eggs?
About fifteen minutes walk. You can get there by metro, too, it's faster.
Normal size, please.
I don't have enough money today.
The number of older people is steadily increasing.
It's right next to this building.
I want to confirm my return flight to Tokyo next Wednesday.
Is there a tennis court near here?
You'll have to wait. You want to wait?
Do you have a tour every day?
How's the weather tomorrow?
Some candy or lemon, please.
Do we have time to go to the water cycle before takeoff?
Do you come with a key?
I need a drug for nausea.
Yeah, I tried that. I love it.
I love it a lot, but I don't like design.
I'm grateful to have a friend like you.
No, I think they forgot to bring one for us.
Please sit down. What's the problem?
I'm not sure, but I'll let her know you called.
Can you get me a blanket?
Do you sell heavy socks?
When does the last bus leave?
Okay, I want this and gin and tuna.
Is there a TV?
Okay. It's confirmed. Can we get your phone number in case I need to call you?
What's going on in the bags you put in?
Oh, not serious about doing something like that.
I need someone to help me.
I'm going to Chicago, too.
Do you have five-cent listings in this casino?
What are you having?
What's so special about you here?
When are we going to land in New York?
No, nothing.
What's the painter's name?
What do you want for breakfast?
I want a long coat.
You shouldn't go there. I think you could catch one here.
To the Boston Hotel, please.
Do I have to have him call you back when he gets back?
Clean this, please.
It's 12: 00.
Did you give me the flight dates and flight numbers?
Will he serve food?
Where's the hotel break?
Just a little bit.
Did you check that out fast?
Do you have a different model of this?
That's my neighbor.
It's delicious.
Did we stop at a cafe?
A hundred yen for a dollar.
Standing hurts.
Yeah, we can have it done by tomorrow night.
I have hay fever.
I'd like to take this.
Sure, here you go.
Are there any places I can watch a holly dance while drinking?
Go down this street to the second intersection.
My name is Taro Takei.
I want to play a little longer.
Do you have stamps?
Where's the food cart?
We'll be there in thirty minutes.
This is room number three, seven and fifty. I want more hair.
I love this service with champagne after the flight. Let me drink to your health.
Where's the gallery?
Forty dollars a day, plus eight cents a mile.
Another place that might catch your eye is the world famous Bronx Zoo.
Will the wind be stronger this afternoon?
I bet you five bucks.
Ten stamps, two and thirty cents, please. Do you have any beautiful stamps?
Good evening, please.
Do you have this model in brown?
I'm here to take a language course.
Give me two tickets to the gallery this Thursday.
Please write me a letter.
When does the bus leave for Pimlico?
Can I use this plane coupon?
I'd like to shave my chin.
I got a sprain in my ankle.
Is this someone else's request?
I want a nail polish that's thin on my nails.
Do you have a table for three?
Did you tell me how to get to the museum?
I want to buy a fish bite.
I'm really sorry, but I'd like to postpone the appointment.
Let me check and see if there are any vacant places.
Did you suggest a short trip?
Where's the front desk?
I got shot.
Your train will leave from Pier Eight.
I'd like to make a long-distance call to the Sheraton Hotel.
I'll arrive at the hotel at about ten and a half.
Please call the Japanese embassy.
Kimono is the traditional Japanese costume.
Yeah, but I did my first tour two months ago.
The seat behind my chair is not moving.
I wonder if I could stay in the same room.
The air conditioner's not working. My room's too cold.
I'm looking for a bag with a seat belt.
I'd like to keep it under a hundred and eighty dollars.
Can I get a ticket to a first-class football game?
Can I get a cabbage salad instead of this set of authorities?
Please make sure you come and see me at exactly seven tomorrow morning.
He stole my passport.
Are you eager to eat Italian?
I'd like a slice of pizza with a toast, please.
I want a hat.
Do you have any orange juice?
I want a negative five-and-thirty-six-mm film, please.
Please. Show me the bags, please.
How far is the nearest gas station?
When's the next train to Boston?
Please send this letter by air mail.
I want to confirm the flight booking.
I feel like I'm spinning.
What's the rate for each tent?
I have an appointment with Mr. Wilson at exactly three.
Can you change these lenses to a stronger lens?
Let me say what I want.
How much is this?
Can I leave a message for him?
Is Hard Rock a long way from here?
Hey, take a look.
Okay, now, can I buy tickets to the Phantom of the Opera for Saturday morning's party?
Can you make me a pinch?
I'm in a hurry. I want to call a cab now.
It's cold this morning, isn't it?
I booked by GTP in Japan two weeks ago.
We're stopping at the Beverly Hotel. You can get down there. It's a few minutes walk to the top.
Can you keep these bags till 4:00 p.m.?
Can I use the display in this room?
I see. Take your time, please.
Are there any 18-hole golf courses?
I can't understand anything people around me are saying.
The coffee shop's downstairs.
Good evening. I have a reservation. My name is Yama.
The most important thing for you is to get a good rest.
I'll ask you after I look around here and there.
Do you have any cigarettes?
Can I order on the bill?
Now, you promised you'd only buy one pair, okay?
Is there a pharmacy near here?
Yes, reservation for six days, please, starting July 23rd.
Can I get some vitamins?
Can you take me out of my seat at seven?
He leaves every ten minutes.
Let's get a ten-card, one five-card and the rest a little change.
My laundry hasn't come in yet.
Can you show me other things with different designs?
Yeah, there's one on the other side of the building.
Where do I go down?
Can you tell me how to use a currency phone?
Do I have to pay up front?
Is there a children's playground near here?
What kind of juice do you like?
I'd like some foot cream.
It's a direct connection from one brain to another.
Can I cash a personal check?
I want orange juice, corn flakes with milk and honey pie.
This is printed. Nothing expensive.
Can I try it?
I'll be back safe.
What is this necklace pin made of?
What's the price of a first-class ticket?
Are you going back to your country for the holidays?
Do you have a bigger bag?
Where can I go to see a really great view?
I'll send you a copy. Please write your address here.
Where are the tracks?
This was already broken when I opened the fire.
Well, Mr. Azura, your flight has now been confirmed.
Please give me a ticket.
The twenty-ninth of August.
Where's the ski lift?
I have diarrhea. Did you prescribe anything for him?
It's only ten minutes before 10: 00.
You shouldn't enter this park at night.
I'd like to send this to Japan by air mail.
Thanksgiving and Workers Day, it's a day of thanks to all those who have supported society with their work.
This room is too small.
Can I get some more tea, please?
I want to wash my clothes later today.
Not necessary when you're not over the tax exemption limit, but I recommend you file a report for an easy customs exemption.
Is there a bank near here?
Could you clean the table, please?
Please cover this.
Sure. Wait with me on the line, please. Your party's started. Please.
Do you mind if I touch that?
When does the ride start?
Is this a good one for me?
Tell me about your schedule for this week.
There's no school equipment desk here.
What do you mean, " I'm not a doctor "?
You're wrong.
Sure, walk.
Can you keep my bags till four, please?
I don't have enough money to buy a new one.
What's the first train?
Can we get a table outside?
Apparently you were drunk last night.
Yes, sir. How many people are at your party, and what time do you prefer?
I think I'll get two cheaper.
Yeah, I canceled your old card.
Thank you so much for the meal.
Where's the bus stop?
A knife, please.
These are all prints.
Please write the room number in the back.
Get up, you thief.
We use sticks when we eat.
Where's the airport bus?
A hundred bucks a night, plus the service and taxes.
Delta Flight Twenty-Eight to New Orleans is about an hour late.
When I return to Japan, I'll write a letter. If you have time, please send me a letter.
I forgot my plane ticket at the hotel.
How fast are we flying now?
The lights in my room aren't working.
Thank you so much. Come on. Let's go.
In the pharmacy.
Single room without shower, please.
Where's the best skiing ground for beginners?
I want a back seat.
Is this train going to Melbourne?
Thank you again for reminding me. Do a lot of people forget to sign their names?
How big is this tower?
Vincent, did you lock the door on yourself?
I still have the makeup, so can you wash my face well?
Take three pills at once.
What's your commission?
Can I drop the car off at another branch?
He's unconscious.
Hotel Tokyo. Can I help you?
I'm here to visit my friend.
Is there a TV?
This is a salad and mashed potatoes.
Okay, we don't have time. Can we continue this discussion on Thursday at one?
Did you tell me the fastest way to send that?
Can I take my part in the game practice?
A blue bag. My name and address are at the bottom. Did you help me find it?
I want to leave at eight. Did you tell me what I'm due for?
I want to reserve two seats on flight eight, seven and seventy.
A bottle of greasy hair shampoo, please.
For about two weeks.
Yeah, I'm taking medication for high blood pressure.
I'd like some pajamas.
Where are the coins in the vaults?
Can I get you some candy?
There are many reasons why I can't do this.
Is this the right way to the station?
Let's see what the cost is.
I suggest you try a Green Bar.
I have nine hundred dollars.
We don't have a reservation for you.
Where did my name go?
I'll be right back.
Please fix this while I'm out tomorrow.
Is that a word?
Can we have a cigarette butcher?
Okay, I'll call you when they're ready.
We have other colors.
Here are a few of the seats left in the official ring.
We hate to rush, but we have to leave.
Where and when do we start?
How can I get the return?
Oh, I see. These are the cable system channels at the hotel.
Please stop making fun of the Japanese people.
When can you re-release it?
What about lunch?
I'd like to book, please.
I'm trying to find a wrap.
Will it be tax-free if I send it to Japan from this store?
Sorry, but I want to discuss some things with my manager before I sign.
I want a recorder and a radio, please.
I want five of the squares.
That's my favorite food, you know.
Thank you, sir. Can I get your driver's license?
You're right.
The limousine will stop at the north gate first.
With insurance, please.
Where's the Mont museum?
This train doesn't stop?
Okay. It's twenty, forty, sixty, eighty, ninety, five and ninety, six, seven, eight, nine, one hundred.
You should go to the tourist information office first.
That's touching.
Did you get me to town?
How long is the hotel restaurant open for use by me?
How do I know your bags?
Is that a direct train?
Yeah, I loved it so much.
Where can I acid this movie?
Uh, look, do you, do you know where Riverside Drive is?
Is this the line for the 9:00 show?
Do you have any treatment for diarrhea?
Well, it's a little late. I think I should leave now. Thank you so much for a great evening.
Our business starts at eight-thirty to eleven.
Our company is the fifth largest employer in the world.
It's down there on the left.
Can I have some stomach pain medication?
Will you keep my coat?
Sorry, they're all rented. You want extra coverage?
Can you rent me a beach patch?
No, we also accept orders you want.
It's okay to set a date, but it's not necessary to set a weekday.
I want orange juice, please.
Please suggest me a good restaurant.
What is the hallmark of this city?
I'd like a roast chicken.
I'm not hungry anymore.
Don't interfere with what you don't know.
Can we take a walk around the free markets at the airport?
Sorry, I asked for the wrong number.
For five days. I'll get it back on Friday.
It's not too far. We can get there at about ten in the morning.
No, thanks. It's too small. Do you have another one?
More receipts, please.
Can you sell these separately?
I want a bottle of beer, please.
How much did you pay for a private seat?
It's my fault. It's not your fault.
Just leave me alone.
Is there another group?
This seat's busy.
Do I have to reconfirm the reservation?
Let me see your ticket. You have to take the next flight at one.
Does anyone speak English?
You have to book in advance.
I'd like to get something out of my bag.
Yes, we have a reservation for you. Can you please fill out this form and sign it?
I can't find the tour guide who's supposed to come to us at 10:30 a.m.
We'll keep this as a surprise.
To Japan, please.
Excuse me, when does this movie end?
My car hit a hole.
Can you give me some medicine?
This, please.
Can you show me the second ring on the left?
Yes, this way, please.
I'm a little tired of the time difference.
Why didn't you come last night?
I like the deck.
I'd like to order room service, please.
Which trains go to Wall Street?
What is the gate number for Japanese Airlines flights to Tokyo?
Show me the black bag, third to the left in the upper shelf.
You might get shot in town if you suddenly lost your hand in the pocket next to your chest.
Do you have any strong liquor?
We have seats available on flight eight five on Monday, twenty-six.
I would like to apply for my passport again.
Very well. It can be done.
Why does it cost that much?
Seventy dollars.
Hello. Is that Mrs. Ono?
Can I drink the water from the tap?
I have stomach pain.
I need to report.
It's straight ahead, then turn right.
How can I adjust the power level of this machine?
Can you book me for a tour?
Do I have to declare the contents and value?
Hey, honey, are you alone?
There's nothing I like. Sorry. I don't support anything.
When are we going to De Moane?
Two hamburgers with cheese and one small order of French fries, please.
Four five six seven eight nine zero, please.
On the twenty-third of September.
I set a meeting for the president at ten o'clock.
Is this tap safe to drink?
I'd like a slice of pork loin.
Well, I guess I'll get something different.
Take me to the theater, please.
When's the break?
Excuse me. Can I ask you a question?
Just a minute, please. I'll take you to Mr. Jones.
Can you check these two bags for me, please?
This hat doesn't fit me.
There's no payday in the Panno Bank, either.
Hi, this is United Airlines.
When's the time to leave the hotel?
Do you want me to pay now or later?
Can I just have the main course?
Do you want to have a drink while you watch?
Do you have any more tours?
I'd like to take a bus to the station. Can I get some change, please?
Do you have any personal proof with your photo?
Do you think there's any hope in this relationship?
Okay, first I have to go to the information center and look for a hotel.
I think you misunderstood what I was trying to explain.
Who is this lady?
Where does Mr. Jones learn Japanese?
Can you find her for me?
Can you save my bags for the tour?
Which gate should I go to?
How many cameras do you have?
I have a little one of the same design.
Can I get a piece of paper or something?
What's the traffic jam?
Please change the glass spaces.
Can you tell me again what the ad guarantees, please?
Do you have a menu in English?
Are there any New York Yankees games this week?
I'm having a little air circulation, but I feel better.
Seventy-two and Park Avenue.
Is that a British cigar?
Can you arrange these panties?
You have to get on bus number seven.
No one was seriously injured.
I'd like a flexible bandage.
I think the cab number was one two three four five.
We'll get this.
Friday night, at nine.
I'll send a maid right away.
But the cost is rising, isn't it?
Actually, my first grandfather came from Sicily at the turn of the century.
Is there something wrong with this bill?
Is this the gateway to Las Vegas?
Nice to see you. How are you?
This dress suits me nicely.
I'll have some fruit juice.
What qualifications are required for this job?
Can you set it up now?
I would like to make an international phone call to Japan.
Can you make a reservation for a golf course?
I'd like to learn water skiing.
Do you have a bus from the airport?
Can you change this for a bigger one?
That's my wallet.
I'd like to cut my hair, just, please.
Excuse me. Where's the nearest pharmacy?
I'd like to order a quick meal.
Another spoon, please.
When do we get to the last stop?
No, just a block down the road.
My son is a graduate student at Harvard.
Where's the vault?
I'd like to get a wake-up call, please.
What are you planning for tonight?
Well-tuned, please.
I have rheumatism.
Where can I exchange an international money order?
It's a little salty, but I like it. Did you bring it all the way from Japan?
I got a thorn in the side of the back of the cabbage.
It's a red bag with a metallic bow.
I'd like to send this.
Welcome, it's beautiful.
What happened? I can't see.
Please pay it, if that's possible.
Can I add it to your bill?
Please fill out this certificate and the form.
Yes, I want to make an international call to Japan. At the receiver's expense. The number is Tokyo three four seven six two nine three six.
What's the cost of the car?
I got bit by a bee. It looks really bad.
How much is this key chain?
Can I have one?
Did you hear what he said?
Dry, please.
Please contact this person.
Please change this ten-dollar bill to five-dollar bill and another five-dollar bill.
Can you pay ten dollars to the applicant?
No, it's not.
I need you to do a X-ray.
Is it appropriate to walk through the reception desk?
This is for my personal use.
Neighboring rooms, please.
Can you share the costs of the promotion in the first year like all our sponsors do?
Where's the library's storage room?
Yeah, wake me up in three hours, please.
I'm having a serious fever and I feel like I'm having a diarrhea.
Can you turn it into my room account, please?
Is there a stable near here?
Thank you so much. How do I get to the hotel?
I locked the door while I was out. What do you suggest I do?
You're so sweet.
I'd like to order, please.
Should I say yes or no?
Does that mean I shouldn't pay a tip?
So, Mr. Nita, that's all we have to offer you here at our factory.
I had TB in my early 20s.
Can I use the heater and the hot water all day?
Two spoons, please.
I'd like to make a reservation.
Sorry, but we only have seats down the hall on the left in the front.
I've been too busy.
I didn't make an international call on Friday.
Where's the pharmacy?
Where's the bus stop?
What's your phone number?
Sure. The changing room is right over there.
I'm betting five bucks.
Please tell me your address.
Where's the monastery?
I'm suffering from chronic disorder.
I want a player device.
Can he get a hot water bottle?
Can you do a visual and get me a pair of glasses?
We can get it ready for you in two days.
Can I get a ticket to a seat on the first floor?
Well, let me see. Actually, it's not what I want.
I want two black and white movies, please.
Unfortunately I haven't got the rest yet.
Give me the, uh, main course.
Your father was a great man, and we're gonna miss him.
Well, nothing is interesting tonight.
I don't want to check this bag.
Not exactly what I want.
How long does it take to get to Chicago?
What's the next stop?
I'd like a cup of iced coffee, please.
It's not valuable, but it's important to me.
Full meal, please.
What bus stop is Hope Street?
Well, we have a jazz musician for Yves Saint Laurent.
The car makes a strange noise.
Give me a whistle.
When does the post office close?
I paid fifty bucks as a wagon when I booked my hotel stay.
Please call to wake me up tomorrow at six o'clock in the morning.
Did you take any stomach fluids?
Do I need to wear a coat and tie?
I'm passionate about touring Manhattan.
Can I transfer money to my savings account?
I'd like a seat in a non-smoking area, please.
No, you can get it at the drug store.
Did you see the Titanic?
I'd like a pencil for the decoration.
A ticket to L.A. Will the seat you book be in a smoking-free or non-smoking area?
This play is also popular in Japan.
Please bill me tonight.
I forgot to take my purse.
Good evening, Mr. Hosukawa. Welcome to the party. Would you like a drink?
It's not for sale. Don't worry about it.
What are the famous places around here?
It's too small.
Are you Mr. Ebert, is he?
The name is Tanaka, two people, eight o'clock.
Let me see another color.
Where do I go to get it?
I'd like to acid this movie, please.
I'd like to have some roast beef and some coffee.
Is there a copy left of this magazine?
Where's the biggest store in this town?
I'd like to re-confirm the flight booking.
How can I make an international phone call?
Please bring me a telenol.
It hurts a little bit.
Let's hurry up and go shopping.
Can you show me to my seat, please?
Looks like the machine's not working.
Japan is a country stretching longitudinally from north to south.
How can you count these shirts in such a short time?
I'll pay the difference, so please count it.
Let's watch some TV.
My watch. It was a modern Swiss digital watch.
I actually bought it the next day after I had a sudden desire from a store near my house.
I have two hundred dollars in cash and two thousand dollars in tourist checks.
I have a stomach upset.
Although I like tambourines, I don't eat much sushi. Most people aren't used to eating fish.
This is my friend Koji.
I passed this test very well.
I need you to take me to some nice places.
The capital is Tokyo.
When do I pay, now or when I check out of the hotel?
Can I go to the sights while the ship is docked in the harbor?
That's good. This is when the guards start changing. You can watch it or listen to the guards play in the front yard.
I'd like to play some games.
Can we call this seat number?
Where's the monastery?
I'd like to change that.
It was nice meeting you.
Do you have this in a different color?
Fill out this form.
Beef or pork?
Please come to me at seven tomorrow morning to pick up my bags.
What value do I need from the yen to buy ninety-nine dollars?
You better adjust the reflector for the rear view.
You'll wait about ten minutes or so.
Can I have your plates?
I have a metal pencil.
How long will we have to wait?
It's Yoshi.
It's on Japanese Airlines and number seven two one to Narita.
You sure? It's for good.
What books are you nominating?
I'd be happy to. When do you want it?
It's a blue bag.
Do you have a bus service to the airport?
Where do I have to clean the camera?
One box Miller.
Where can I get some stamps?
I'd like a pen to decorate the eyebrow.
There's something wrong with the film. Can you check it out?
I searched every part of the room for the missing passport.
We have many species there.
Please look for the address of the Japanese embassy.
I need to get some tickets.
Is there a high-speed train?
I'm not sure if this jacket is the right size for the middle section.
It's a fever.
Can you do what you can to get there on time?
Can you take a picture of me?
What does that look like?
I'd like to go to the sauna.
Seafood.
I think I left my camera and left when I was having dinner here last night.
We have a tennis court, swimming pool and weight room.
Gather them at the gate.
Is this the right train to Boston?
Where do I go down to the beach?
Don't leave the line, please.
For women, please. How much for half a day?
So we got a good one for you. It's a full day tour.
Oh, no, that won't be necessary. I can take care of him. I already did more than enough.
This is the Ministry of Foreign Trade, right? I'm Taro Tanaka from Japan. I have an appointment to meet Mr. Coleman at two.
Is this the right platform for the Minneapolis train?
Can you fill me out this form?
That's it.
I think I'll take this one.
I'm just working hard and trying to get the best grades possible for me.
Either fix it or replace it, please.
Oh, wow, that's so good. You're a good cook. I wish I knew how to cook it.
I can do it sometime next month.
Grand Hotel, please.
The bed isn't equipped.
No, the next one.
Please drop me off at the next stop.
Please, please.
How does this new product compare to existing ones?
What do you mean, " I'm not a doctor "?
This price includes lunch?
You learn English conversation once a week.
A direct call to Japan, please.
The sales staff at this store are very nice.
Where's the missing and found section?
Is it suitable for sensitive skin?
When can I get it back?
When would it be appropriate?
Can you keep this for me?
I want a coffee with cream, please.
I won't recognize my train.
Before you go on, I'll take a picture of you.
Do you have enough money to stay here for a month?
I want a cassette tape.
Just a minute, please.
Two cartridges of Mild Seven, please.
Can I get some airway medicine?
About eight.
Do you have your credit cards?
Darren and I thought this line would be faster.
I want to rent a car for a week.
I'll pay with a credit card.
I have to find a part-time job to pay for my lessons.
It's fun.
I got a sunburn.
Don't change the shape, just change it, please.
It'll cost you fifty dollars a plane.
Yeah, first, wash it separately.
I have some laundry. Will you be ready tomorrow morning?
JHL flight five zero three on May 5th, booked in Tokyo.
Please show me how to use this machine.
Where is he going?
Please show me some men's watches.
Can I open the window?
Karate, a method of hand-to-hand combat consisting primarily of sharp punches and punches, is also one of Japan's martial arts for self-defense.
Can I change the size?
When will it be transferred to my bank?
Do you have any preferred seating options?
These cameras are for my personal use.
How many people do you have?
The best way is to live in a foreign country.
It's fourteen.
Yeah, we can do that.
I want to make a reservation for three at eight tonight.
It allows you to track symptoms like abdominal pain, diarrhea, fever, headache, sore throat, rash, and vomiting that may have occurred within two weeks of your return.
How much does it cost to get to Japan?
I think the suggestions are good, provided we find the right people.
Well, my impression is of a mountainous, crowded, busy, noisy, active, almost explosive land, and people who work hard, hardworking, non-stop, curious, wanting to learn everything, eat and drink but with good taste, earn and spend too much.
Her arm's broken.
In Japan, decision-making seems slower than in our country.
How much does it cost to get to the city center?
Can you look and see if he's there?
Since this morning.
We better hurry. They're already on the train.
You were flying at forty-five in the speed zone at twenty-five miles an hour. You could go to jail for ninety days.
How long before he recovers?
What's the name of this public square?
I'm a solo traveler. Did you suggest a local guide?
Bring me another fork, please.
Can you get a cab?
Two tickets to and from Washington, D.C., please.
Do you have any daily rates?
Can you tell me about the post office hours?
How long will it take the local train to get to Boston?
It's perfectly fitting.
You're paying me.
Where's F14?
I ordered a chicken.
For ten days.
Do you have any socks?
How old is this boy?
How much is it all?
Twenty dollars quarter, please.
I want the same, please.
Take good care of yourself until you get home.
By the way, can I cash this check, too?
You want to go to a baseball game?
So I want to replace it?
Can I get a fax coverage statement?
I'll take a slice.
Where do you spread your hair?
I wanted it.
Tell me what the bags look like, please.
I want this back.
How much does it cost to go to Paris?
It's not a virus.
If you wait just a minute, I'll answer any questions you have.
Why isn't the bus coming?
How many times should I take this medicine?
Please pick a good blouse for me.
I want to call Tokyo, please.
Take your valuables with you, please.
Where's the position?
I don't have time. Hurry up, please.
This price cannot be agreed.
It's cold. Can you do something?
I want some of the crow's nest.
Do you have a free Japanese chair?
The legislative branch is the Diet.
My name is Taro Yamato.
I lost my tourist cheques.
Please give me a cold medicine.
Excuse me, is there a pedestrian crossing nearby?
Please put it in a squeeze.
You're in the middle of West Street.
Keep going straight, please.
I want shampoo and a shaver.
Is taking pictures forbidden here?
Where's the information desk?
Can I make an appointment tomorrow afternoon?
I want a crate.
The place was in this store.
Can I stop?
Can you get the stain off these clothes?
Keep going straight up to the end of this road, please.
I want an English novel that's easy to read.
No, I'm just a simple collector. I do some business, though.
Patient, wet towel, please.
Would you like to have lunch with us?
I'm from Sweden.
Do you have more than five thousand dollars in cash?
I always see him every morning on the train.
Is there a good children's cloth shop?
Can you have dinner with us tonight?
I want to convert a bill into small coins.
Can I get you a sleeping mattress?
Just make it what it is, please.
I need to see a pediatrician.
Lifted fish flags and samurai dolls are displayed around us today.
We've made a lot of money, so let's go back in uniform.
The contents are worth about two hundred dollars.
There, please.
Please call the missing persons department.
Thirty-five dollars, ninety-five cents a day plus nine cents a mile after the first hundred miles.
I'll stay at my hotel till tomorrow. I'd be happy to tell him I'm here.
The foot brakes aren't working.
I want a reading lamp.
I want to cut my hair, please.
I want to leave early tomorrow morning. Can I pay my bill now?
I should turn off the gas. Wait a minute.
What do you have for dessert?
Your seat number is printed on the express train ticket.
Are you leaving on time?
Do you have any local dishes?
Can I ask you to take me to the bus station?
For three adults.
The flight was delayed for forty-five minutes.
My name is Shino Yamada.
Two packs of token money, please.
I hope you come back.
No, I don't. I'm sick and I can't keep anything in my stomach.
Can you stop my personal checks?
It is said that tofu originated in China about two thousand years ago.
Can I get a prescription?
I'd like to watch a basketball game. Are there any tickets available?
What's the specialty of this restaurant?
He stole my passport with five thousand dollars in cash.
I told you to come here and get the report.
I got the flu.
Can I keep your menu as a souvenir?
How do I get to the station?
Mr. Jones is out now. He's scheduled to be back shortly after three.
We have excellent white wine.
Will you send it to me by the beginning of next month?
All right, thanks. How are you?
It's very cold tonight.
Where are you headed?
Do you like to have dinner?
Fried meat, please.
I want to get a medical check-up.
This is a gift for my friends.
What are you gonna take from the candy?
Let me know the cost later.
I spent about six years there.
Keep normal, please.
If we can serve you, please don't hesitate to call us.
Can I take your size?
It's cotton.
Please take this bag to the bus stop.
There's a little, but what would you like to eat?
Just a cold medicine.
Will you call my friend Miss Yuki?
This is a one-carat diamond, right?
His name is Mr. Harada. Thank you very much.
Can you drop my stuff off in the lobby tomorrow morning?
Oh, I seem to lose something every time I travel.
Do you have an Ongaro store near here?
Where's the fort?
Nice to see you, too.
I'm going to Florida.
I lost the use of my right arm.
Hello, is this Roy's?
Then you'll come to shopping street. If you go down the street you'll get to the station.
I think we're done today, gentlemen.
Walk straight down this street. You'll cross three blocks and you'll come to the park.
I need an aspirin.
Where can I buy stamps?
Can I get two first-class tickets to New York, please?
How do I order?
How long will it take to get there?
Officer.
Japanese food includes fish, sushi, tempiora, etc.
I feel lazy.
Maybe it is.
No, not here. There's a smoke room near the back of this bus.
When is he leaving?
Did I test your temperature?
Can I have a tour guide?
Is there anything valuable or fragile in your bag?
Be there by nine, please.
Can I replace this neck shoe with a smaller one?
Please leave it to me.
I don't like this.
When's the next flight?
Do you have grapefruit juice?
This way, turn left.
Please pass me a ball.
Can I take a picture with my video camera?
That's a good idea.
Would you like to arrange it?
It's a little late in the evening.
My name is Yamato.
The toilet doesn't wash. Please send someone upstairs.
How big is the factory, by metric?
I'm sorry, but I don't know where my seat is.
I want the money back.
Yes, sir. How do you want me to cut it?
I'm looking for something with the brada metal marker.
I think there's something wrong with the bill.
Can you show me something my size?
I'm on the wrong bus.
Just oil and jelly would be good.
Can I see your passport, please?
I got exactly what you wanted. Can I suggest that?
I'll take this and this and this, please.
There are over three thousand schools of aikibana in Japan.
My neck hurts.
I want two omelets, please.
Just move the sides, please.
Can I have the party information magazine?
Give me fifty gallons of lead, please.
I have anemia.
Please tell her to call me.
I just bought this.
How did these big capori claw eat?
Is this bus going to Carmel?
Two eggs, two scrubs.
Sugar coffee.
Are you going out or eating inside?
When's the closing time?
I want to confirm my reservation.
November 23 is Labor Day.
Is it hard to understand?
It's seventeen A. Oh, I'm sorry. I was wrong.
Can I buy it tax-free?
Have you ever heard of a golden week in Japan?
I want to wait a few more hours after the time of departure.
Thank you. Please come back again.
We have orange, apple, grapefruit and tomato juice.
I want the money back.
Are your joints hurting?
Is it fully booked?
My confirmation number is five six seven QLR.
Why is it so hot?
Take this to the pharmacy.
I work for a tour company?
The person I want to call is Mrs. Yoko Nishihara.
Can I leave it anywhere in the country?
Is there a ski area near here?
I have to be back in five minutes. Can I go to the mall?
You didn't stop your count.
Please cancel it in front of me.
Can you put my name on the waiting list?
What number do I ask for here?
I'm here to see the sights.
Can you get me the camera after I go in, please?
You can walk. You just follow the signs.
You got time tonight?
Where are the car hire offices?
No, I was in a hurry.
Is that the bus?
How can I get to Disneyland?
You think so?
I think I'll take the last five minutes to answer any questions.
Excuse me, where's the main restaurant?
Can you suggest me a good Italian restaurant?
I want a phone call in Japan.
I got drunk last night, apparently.
Just pay.
Here's a chair with plenty of sightseeing trips by bus. They include full-day, half-day and morning and evening trips.
Can we finish this dance any other time?
Where can I get a bus to the city center?
I want a fancy coronation, please.
Is there any coffee left?
Can I help you find something?
Well, after about two more buildings, I guess.
If we divide seventy-two by nine, the result is eight.
I want a cream for normal skin.
I heard the Japanese are working hard.
How about we listen to jazz?
Tourists, here?
My seat number is D. Twelve. Where is it?
What is that, please?
What kind of pattern is in your mind?
How much do you want to open the account?
What does this traffic sign mean?
Can you tell me how to fill out this form?
Yeah, we'll be there at eight local time.
Let me think about it and I'll call you back.
I'll estimate the travel expenses.
Can I get a receipt for health insurance?
If you find anything, please call me.
Can I leave the car at any of your branches?
Is it necessary to pay a bill exactly the same as the bus ticket?
You live here?
Hurry up, you'll catch up with them.
Can I have some pork and eggs?
I have a fever.
It's five and two thirty.
And now I'm out of a job that's been busy for a few days.
A candlelit, please.
Who's the speaker tonight?
No, we don't have that. We only have English speakers.
Hot water isn't hot enough.
Does it work automatically?
Is this locked?
Go ahead, please.
First or second degree?
You have to get there before six.
I like your dance.
Is it safe to dive near here?
We're going shopping right now.
Can you call him tomorrow morning as promised?
Welcome. We're glad you understand.
Can you explain how to do that?
How much is a gallon of premium gasoline?
Does the ticket office announce the stations?
How about we meet here at 4: 00?
Please write your contact address here.
Sure. Let me think. Can I have some Spanish wine first?
Whose work is this?
Excuse me. Can you tell me if there's an Italian restaurant nearby?
I'll get it ready for you by 4: 30.
Can I use a light signal?
Thank you. Come back to my room at the same time tomorrow. The pictures will be ready. Before then.
How many stations to the art museum?
Sorry, now you can only order from the dinner menu.
Would you like us to order it for you?
Does the express stop in San Diego?
There's a scratch here.
Where did this apple come from?
How did you find this restaurant?
I want to get to the city office.
Can you wrap up the gift, please?
With or without a bullet?
Is this a half-day trip?
Saturday and Sunday are off.
Please mention me when I arrive in Victoria.
I want to meet you tomorrow afternoon.
So, what are your plans for early?
I'm Nakamura. I went into the hotel right away. But I don't like this room.
How long does it take?
Do you have anything for the colds?
My name is Rukia Kobayashi, and the number is two zero two two two two two two two zero two one zero zero.
A table with a good view of the ocean, please.
Please give me some places to call if there's any trouble.
Yeah, I got diabetes in Japan.
We'd like to sit next to me.
Can I have a Coke Diet?
What kind of room do you want?
I want to ride it.
I feel a headache.
You can pick her up at the exit gate.
This is room twelve zero seven.
I want another room.
I had credit cards and bills.
It's my fault.
You'll have to apply for insurance to the insurance office in Japan.
Can you change this?
How long is this visa valid?
I'm afraid we don't have anything left.
How long does it take for regular mail?
Is that gold?
I can never guess the age of any Japanese person.
Is there a hospital near here?
Could you please draw me a map?
That shop was cheaper than the others.
This is Anne Brown.
I want a suit.
Can I make a phone call from my room?
Can you put it in a box?
Your passport is no longer valid.
I'll call the Japanese embassy and ask them what you should do.
Make sure your seat belts are tightly fastened.
Where's the bathroom?
I want to rent a 10-speed bike.
Do you have a darker color?
I don't think so.
Does it matter if I'm a beginner?
I'm with my family, so I can't give you my room number.
I can't find the price tag.
I need a wake-up call in the morning.
Where can I book in hotels?
Do I have to re-confirm my reservation?
It is, sir. We'll send someone to fix it right away. Please wait a minute.
It's forty-six. Each county is headed by a governor, and each has its own council.
Do you have a bigger size?
Yeah, we'll be out in the area selling the products in an hour or so.
That was 20 minutes ago.
Can you spell that for me?
What's the most exciting movie?
In these brown paper bags.
I hope to see you again.
That's because they're made of silk.
I want a smaller size of one tiger, it's too big for me.
Have you ever had this?
I'm hungry.
Can I measure a size nine?
Can you give him a temporary treatment, Doctor?
I want a safe hotel that serves a good breakfast, please.
I'm complaining of a fever.
Sorry, I don't have any change. Can you give me nine-and-a-half?
Hey, we're neighbors, apparently.
Where's the zoo?
Is there a bus from the airport to the city center?
I can't run the laundry.
Council members remain in office for six years, while half of the members are elected every three years.
I don't want anything else, please.
Do you have bigger sizes?
Put it on my account now, please.
The guns that were brought to Japan at the time played a major role in winning the battles.
Do you have bigger sizes?
That means you've also lost your visa. You have to ask the Immigration and Customs Enforcement to reissued it.
I'm blind.
Is there a barber shop?
Excuse me. Please tell me how to get to Shinjuku Station.
Please send my mail here.
Please tell the chef that this is very good.
Thirty dollars and eighty cents.
Depends on the temperature, but in central Japan, early April.
The TV's off.
I want a ticket back and forth to Oxford at nine on the fifth.
I can't do that.
How much of a car's propulsion is efficient?
I rented a car this morning.
I want a cheese burger and a fried egg.
Right. Thanks. By the way, is it necessary to wear uniforms?
Can you give me a doctor's name and phone number?
Is there a cure for the car spinning?
I want some pants.
The last train was late.
Can you wait for me here?
Is there a way to get to Perth?
Yeah. Can we check out the candy list?
Is there a sound and light show?
So, is it registered here, Mr. Yamada?
In the middle, please. Are there two seats next to each other?
Yeah, what kind of service?
Can you make a discount on a stay of two nights?
I don't have a change.
I want to take a shower.
When will it be done?
In case of cancellation, please call ahead.
There's a camera inside. Please keep it safe.
Where's the gas station?
Did you get the bus ticket?
Does this train stop in Baltimore?
Can you get me some water, please?
No, thanks. It'll be dark for most of the trip, anyway.
I'm just looking.
Sorry, but I don't think this number is correct.
Does that include drinks?
How many minutes is the train left?
Which gate will this trip leave from?
Name of the hotel you're staying at tonight, sir.
Do I have to book a seat on the boat in the river?
Credit card, please.
I was on United Airlines flight eight two eight.
One person will come later.
Can you repeat what I said?
Is the theater nearby?
There are six people in our group. We want to sit at the same table, please.
It's that way.
There's a big noise around my room.
On the east coast, you can also find famous places. Like New York, Washington, D.C. and Boston.
Thanks for inviting me to stay for dinner.
Excuse me, do you have a date?
Orange juice, beer, wine, whiskey and cocktails.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
That's good, apparently.
Stand in line. I'll go get us a slice of ice cream.
What bus is going to the Grand Hotel?
I want to book for tomorrow night.
The doctor gave me a booklet.
Yeah, and what kind of salad mix.
How do you want it?
Do you mind if I leave my bags with you till 1:00?
Is there a trip to town?
Do you accept tourist checks?
That's very kind of you, but I'm afraid I have some work to finish by tomorrow morning.
I'm starting to miss the lars and the miso soup.
No. Thank you. Can we have two cups of water, please?
Yeah. I'm afraid I have to. How secure is this area?
I'm a little unable to speak English.
Can I get some water, please?
What floor is she on?
I prefer tea.
If you had it, you wouldn't have to pay the fare again.
Can you give me some salt?
Can you show me that watch?
It's now one o'clock.
I want two tickets to the show on Wednesday, please.
How much sales tax?
Please call eight.
I understand. I'm trying to rent a Citroen.
Take the four o'clock flight to New York, then take the last flight to Washington from New York.
It's a brown leather handbag.
One. You, please.
It's on the second floor.
I have a natural talent.
When did you lose it?
I need a magnifier?
Please, fix this.
Sure, it'll be ready by Tuesday.
Do you drink in a glass?
I feel so tired. Please call a doctor.
Did you get any faxes?
What floor?
That's great. Where's the bread?
Can I pay with a tourist check?
Smokers'corner, please. And a window by the window, please.
We exchange gifts with our best friends on New Year's Eve.
Here is a roster from Dr. Thompson.
How much is the detail counter charge?
Where's the bus stop to Chicago?
Can you get me some peppers, please?
I'm out of a job.
Yeah, it's on the third floor.
There's a walking tour to the famous places.
Please take me to the nearest hospital.
It's so beautiful.
I want to buy five. Even in this case, can't you cut the price?
Please give me a seat by the back window.
Which is faster: a taxi or an ambulance?
Can I get you something, a stick or something?
Where are the nice places I can visit?
I can't make up my mind. I'll be back later.
Can you check the tires?
Excuse me. Which way is it to the left luggage?
I want to go to a restaurant.
Show me that. Please.
I'd be grateful if you could reconsider renewing the contract.
Where are the things that were lost and found?
What height are we at now?
Do you have any other colors for this shirt?
I want a heavy coat for dinner.
You shouldn't watch TV all the time.
I'm a fan of American food.
Can I ask you one last question?
Yeah, we're about to process it. We're about to process it.
You better get in our hospital.
Can I have a hamburger?
Where can I find a supermarket?
We'd like you to come and spend a few days with us this spring.
Is this the gateway to Tokyo?
It's a bit expensive. Can't you give me a discount?
How many times a day should I take it?
Lemon tea, please.
I'm having a pain in my upper mouth this year.
How many stations before the conversion?
What flight did you take?
Sorry to bother you, but would you please take a picture of us with this camera?
My arm is broken.
Are the passengers riding now?
Take the green train off Pier Six.
That guy stole my purse.
It's different from a stomachache, isn't it?
Please tell me what restaurant the locals prefer?
I want to see the port.
I dropped the camera. Can you check it, please?
Sorry, I spilled the wine on the floor.
That's a good idea.
How long does it take to walk?
I'm so sorry he's out.
The JEL flight to Tokyo is on May 3rd.
Please tell them I've acted properly.
I'll take twenty big game bears.
What's the exchange rate?
It's easy. I'll just look in the phone book.
Do you have bigger rooms?
Can you put medical lenses in these lenses?
By the way, am I gonna have to wear a tie?
I want to transfer it to the same flight.
So, can you take him to the table over there?
Is there a bus to the city center?
Please answer me in the morning.
Give me a stomach medicine, please.
I only have personal belongings in my purse.
Excuse me. Can I please pass?
I want to go to the bathroom, but I have a lot of luggage, I'll have to wait.
He was too tall and slow.
We take care of the nails and we shove them.
Is the train expected to arrive on time?
The next room is noisy.
It's not good. It's not good.
Can I borrow a public key, please?
Being with you makes me happy.
Take me to the police.
CDs are much cheaper in this store.
I want my skin to be sour.
The other end is on the line. Come on.
When do I take this?
Can I pay with a tourist check?
I can't find my friend. Can you call him?
Whiskey without water, please.
How much for the bill?
I'd like to stay in this room one more night.
Of course, in this case, the airline will pay compensation.
That's a dry pen.
These are Japanese pastries.
How long do we have to wait for the approximate?
I'm fine. I feel fine.
We're totally on board.
You have another station in Chicago.
Sorry, but I want to hand over the robbery report.
No, but you can do it from the outside or in the hallway.
I made a deposit.
I want a sample of Paul.
Thank you very much.
I'm waiting.
Well, it depends on the means of transportation you take. Are you going by bus or plane?
I don't have a reservation, but can I dive this afternoon?
Do you mind if I sit here?
I play tennis twice a week.
Can I send any one mile worth a dollar?
Where's the nearest metro station from this hotel?
Please write " Unattended Baggage " on the top of the postcard.
Yes, please send him to room twelve four thirty.
See if it rains tomorrow?
That's very kind of you.
Where can I find earrings?
It's great. It can't be trivial.
Can I borrow a key to the bathroom?
When he comes back, please ask him to call Mr. Okada.
I want your good boy with fries.
Fifteen E. Can you see me sitting in the wrong place?
When are you coming back?
I want your buffet.
That's right. We also have famous historical sites in the city and the surrounding area.
It's the second time for us since we came here for our honeymoon.
Fill out this registration form, please.
I don't have hobbies. Just hard work like most Japanese.
Yeah, although I feel like I've come here a lot through movies and TV shows.
What corridor?
I want two tickets to and from Oxford.
To the terminus, Rome, please.
When do I have to get to the airport?
This is slow.
Professor Korn is a surprise riddle-throwing man.
Where can I print the movie?
Is it like this?
My suitcase is all wrapped up.
Did something happen to you that you didn't expect from Japan?
When you see one, you just wave.
I want to leave one day early.
I'm very thirsty. I want a big cup, please.
It's a very big supermarket outside a big city.
You look fragile.
Can you include that gate in the picture?
No, please don't do that. Can I save your questions until the end of my talk, until I order them?
Does that include breakfast?
Double characters, please.
Are there too many taxis?
I want a good seat.
Sorry the bathroom is broken. I need help.
Yeah, it's open to the public?
It's not difficult or mysterious.
Seats on the first floor, please.
I'm divorced.
I'll take you to your seat. This way, please.
Excuse me, can I ask you a question?
Does this lead to the hotel?
Sorry, but this is short.
I seem to have a heart attack.
I'm going from Calais to Dover with the infection.
I want a new ticket.
I want a soda and two bottles of beer, please.
I think so.
I need it as soon as possible.
Yeah, we have to fight AIDS.
A gift for my mom.
I didn't know security was so strict.
Where do I land to go on Chinatown?
Hey, good luck.
Fried fish.
I work in a bank.
Excuse me. Can you suggest a good restaurant?
How many oak trees can I exempt from taxes when I go to Japan?
I want a boy's toy.
I would like to send this postcard to Japan by express mail.
I want to send this letter by air mail.
We have a double room for fifty dollars a night.
Sorry, we don't allow jeans and sweaters.
I want to register, please. My name is Haruko Ogawa. I think I have a reservation.
I want to check these bags for Tokyo, please.
Is this the right bus, the one that's coming up?
Can you show me a little bigger?
Do you bring any gifts to anyone in this country?
Please eat the easiest food possible.
Please tell me how to do tax exemption.
It's a great place, isn't it?
I think clothes made in Japan are definitely better distilled.
Do you have a train schedule?
Please help me find a boy in a red hat.
Excuse me, I want to send this to Japan. How much is the postage stamp on this?
I've traveled all over America by car hire.
It's right, room two zero three. Here's the key.
The movie starts at ten and a half at night. It ends at one in the morning.
You better stop that.
Repeat that, please.
A curtain, please.
Can I get a wake-up call at 7:00 a.m.?
I want a cheap camera.
Can you record the address and phone number for me, please?
The Japanese are upset about mistreating guests, or being mistreated.
Does it have a heater?
Can I have a postcard?
When are office contracts signed?
At this hour, sir? It's eleven in the morning.
Which airport do I leave from?
Didn't you get the form on the plane?
What line is that?
I want a squash.
Are you all right?
Put a diaper over your mouth.
It's water free.
How much do I pay for three?
I want an engagement ring.
Not too much.
Here's the change, sir.
No, I'm Japanese.
Your seats will be here.
It was eight and thirty dollars in total.
Thank you for sharing your unique ideas with us.
I'm off twice a month during the season.
The Edo period, which was not affected by wars in the country, lasted two hundred and fifty years.
I was born on the first of April, one thousand nine hundred and fifty.
Take this three times a day after meals for three days.
Can you acid this movie?
I need to borrow your computer, please.
Can you come for a drink at our house on Sunday afternoon?
I'll take that.
Can I rent a rocket launcher?
This one has a scratch here, so can you give me another one?
Can I have a needle and a rope?
Just two tickets to Boston, please.
I went to your gallery three times last year in Japan.
Can I have chicken for dinner?
I'd like to give you a doll from Kyoto.
How can I get there by metro?
Please tell me how to order this number.
Is this the right way?
I want to report a loss of valuable documents.
It's the last edition of Europe's 20 greatest painters, and it features about two hundred paintings of artworks.
Where can I get a cheap flight ticket?
When do you get the curtain up?
Here, the receipt is in the bag.
Where's the accessory table?
I'll have a martini.
Is this phone broken?
What train should I take to Oakland?
I lost my wallet in this multi-sectional store.
Can I have a drink before lunch, please?
Three slices of meat, a big fried chicken, and ten kinds of ice cream.
What's the best way to wear this?
They say it's below zero.
I want a wake-up call at six, please.
Is this the bus to the city center?
Yeah, it's so fun to meet different people.
I realize that. There's a one percent extra fee.
How much is this perfume?
What's the point of it?
Some people are meeting for drinks.
The washing wasn't completely dry.
Do you have a pencil?
Should you try the food in this place?
Where can I do the official procedure?
The Japanese are a fugitive, even though they are rich.
I'd like to know something about that trip.
That's the color you want these days.
Can I put my bags in the trunk?
I realize that. Do you think I can get it?
I've been sick since last night.
Please get me a piece of soap.
I'm withdrawn.
Your speed was forty-five miles an hour in an area where the speed should not exceed thirty miles an hour.
And thank you.
Fifty pounds.
I have a stomachache.
Does that include taxes?
This is the first time.
I'll take a slice of that.
I'm looking for a tight jacket.
Here's a beer.
I want to add fifty dollars and twenty thousand Japanese yen to my account.
I think there's something wrong with this exchange.
What's the bladder?
When does the evening show end?
Family name is Yama Joshi. YMAJ and SHY.
I want to open the window.
It's really raining. Please describe the weather.
Please call an ambulance.
I'll bet you three bucks on that.
They're all in good health, thank you.
Except for breakfast and dinner?
How's it going?
I think it's a little too tight.
You sell stamps?
I want this painting on my thumb.
I'd like to borrow some opera glasses.
Give me directions, please.
How long does it take?
Do you have an example of filling out this form?
Can you tell me where we're going on this tour?
Keep going this way, turn left on the second sign.
I'll take it if you give me a 10% discount.
I just got a room, but it's not ready yet.
I don't want this room. Do you have a better room?
Which gateway to Chicago?
There's no food I don't like.
Can it be changed?
I want to book a seat on a flight to Seattle.
I want a table that can be folded and folded.
What's half the price?
Twenty dollars at least.
I could go back to school or try a bus trip across the country, if it's not too expensive.
Constitution Day or Kimbao Kenenbi is a national holiday on May 3 to commemorate the anniversary of the current Japanese Constitution.
Sorry. Please don't worry about that.
Pasquette's work is simple, but his composition is of a high culture.
But he'll be comfortable after he's been laid.
Does this trip include a visit to Sears Tower?
Can you show me how to play this game?
I'd appreciate it if you booked a table by the window.
We'll be there at ten, a little earlier.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Do you have any folk music tapes?
My phone number is one two three four five six seven.
I feel like the sea. Can you call a doctor?
Do you want a room that lets you smoke or not?
Is there a bookstore nearby?
I think that guy should have stopped.
You're flu, apparently.
I'm going to the summer school at the University of Hawaii.
What is this place we're going through now?
I need some shoelaces.
I'm a history buff, so I want to visit historical sites.
So I'd like to book for seven people.
Sorry, but we only have beer or whiskey.
He's out of the office now. Can I get a message?
Two adults and a three-year-old.
Please exchange tourist checks.
Do you have a little change?
Because in America, it's easy to go to college but it's hard to graduate.
How can I turn on this light?
Can you move a little to the right?
What are the road signs?
Yeah, I'm going to L.A.
In the waiting room at the station.
Leave it long.
The car's out of gas.
Can I reserve any two seats for tonight?
Do you have a table for four?
