It's down the hall. I'll get you some now. If you need anything else, just let me know.
Are you making adjustments?
We want a table by the window.
There, right in front of the tourist's data.
I've never heard of this address before near here.
Keep walking down this road until you find a pharmacy.
What's the newest color of the season.
In my case, it's often for work and rarely for pleasure.
I'm staying for two days.
I want a tight curl in my hair
I want to book two double rooms.
I don't want to remove it.
Does this bus stop on Astoner Street?
Please open your mouth wide.
How much does breakfast cost?
How can I help you?
Let's take a piece to eat.
Turn left at the third corner.
Will you clean these clothes?
I give you his phone number and address.
I paid for the meals and hotel fees in advance.
I'm looking for a good barbecue restaurant. Can you point out where these restaurants are on the map?
You're breaking it, you're the one who bought it.
I'll tell her to call you as soon as she arrives.
Do you like to put cream and sugar in your coffee?
She was badly injured.
I need a lighter.
Does this hotel have conference facilities?
Is it okay to have a snack?
I'm calling from the airport. I'll get there around four o'clock.
Where to change to Chicago.
How much does it cost to send a registered letter to France?
Can you cash my $200 check?
Driving on the right side of the road is very different indeed.
The actor was really great.
Where is the non-fiction side of your personality?
If that happens, please contact me.
Can you change my seat, please?
Is there a guarantee?
Excuse me, I'll take care of the dog.
I need two cat tickets for Thursday.
Where is the cafe?
I need a jacket for the kids.
Your name again?
Is Mr. Brown there?
All right. It costs eighty-five dollars for regular mail and three dollars for special delivery.
Can I rent a boat for a day?
At which window can I make a reservation?
What is it?
Can you tell me how to get to the opera?
Weren't you a little too drunk last night, honey?
Please follow instructions from our staff.
Is there a department store nearby?
Fill up the gas tank, please.
Is there a cheaper room?
The best car with an electronic transmission.
I will be living in the Harvard dormitory.
What is the exchange rate today?
I chronically suffer from asthma.
I have about three thousand dollars.
Okay, sir. She came with two options. French fries or spicy rice and meat. Which one do you like?
How do I get to that place?
What kind of story is it?
Three times .
Which window sells stamps?
After he attacked me, he fled in a white van.
Okay. Please keep this coupon and present it when you make your selection.
I'd buy this if I were you.
Two hundred dollars. Instant or via credit card.
How long does it take a ship to cross this ocean?
Should I avoid certain types of food while taking this medication?
Do you have harem shoes on your toes?
Will I have any difficulties with customs?
Can I have some red wine?
Let me know when we get to the museum.
Does this bus go to the Sheraton Hotel.
How far did it go?
It's a little hot. Can I open the window?
Just a shower is enough.
My eyes are a little red.
No, may I suggest taking a room with two beds for single use? We have one.
I can't confirm that but we will do our best.
I want a close curl for my hair, please.
The sea was down in the distance.
She wants a beer.
You need an operation.
More eggs, please.
Where is the bus stop for Central Park?
Taxi?
Here's your key, sir. Room fifty-six twelve.
I love your jacket.
Continue .
Here we are. This is your hotel.
When did the basketball game start?
Good morning . How are you .
I'm sorry I need to see any identification document.
What was your impression?
Of course. Do you want to have coffee with dinner or afterwards?
I'm taking flight number twelve to Tokyo.
I'd like to make an international call, please?
Five months .
What day of the week is it on?
What kind of clothes?
This is rather cold. Can you warm it up?
I need some styling gel.
Sorry, this place is already booked.
May we see the list?
I'm a size six.
I'm serious, but would you mind calling a friend?
Thanks, that's enough.
No taxi will stop unless you wait in the parking lot?
My budget is only fifty dollars a night.
Are we going to take a picture together?
How much is the fee for this service?
Did total sales in North America increase by more than five percent?
Who is your best friend?
Did you know that one of the biggest sumo tournaments, a type of traditional Japanese wrestling, is an American tournament?
Sports Health Day is October 10, a national holiday designed to improve the health of citizens.
Is this a Wall Street thing?
I would like to rent these from the fifth through the tenth of December.
Good. And how are you, ma'am?
Do you want me to check the car's engine?
Sugar?
Can I pay by MasterCard?
Is this the baggage claim for NW flight nine zero seven?
I'll take this one.
I am very happy that I was able to come to this country.
My name and address are on it.
Can you help me reach my bag?
What kind of stone is this?
I would like to point out that our government is taking a hard line against the so-called boat people. It has realized that Japan is already too overpopulated to host these uninvited guests. But on the other hand, many of our industrial sectors are in need of labor.
From this mountain, you can see the whole city. During this season many types of flowers are blooming and they look very beautiful.
Follow me.
Please tell him you Yamada has called.
Are you going to make arrangements in advance?
Okay, please put this data here. Was it one bag?
Would you like to eat beef, chicken, or fish?
Is it possible to take different routes back and forth.
Is there a snack bar here?
Excuse me, sir. I'd like to explore some of the tourist attractions in Boston.
Do you have a list in Japanese?
It's five minutes past one.
Help, thank you.
I need a painkiller.
Who is your favorite actress?
I want an oval one.
What kind of music do they play there?
I don't like this color, please show me another color.
Please take me to the morning market.
The frame of my glasses is broken.
From three o'clock.
Great. I have a window seat. Uh, if you'd like to swap seats afterwards, miss.
I enjoyed the New York sightseeing tour yesterday.
I'm a fan of the blue bag in the display window.
Contact your landlord if you have any issues.
Shampoo and style it as it is now, please.
When you get there ask someone else, please.
Please tell me the fastest way to get to San Francisco.
Can I have the key to room two-fifteen?
Excuse me, can you take pictures of me?
Just type in a room number and sign here.
The color is acceptable, but the size is incorrect. Can you change it within an hour?
We will be waiting for you on that day.
We have enough to last for two days.
I can't understand it.
How can I get back to my destination?
Is this tax-free?
Okay. They have to play additional roles until the tie is broken.
I'd like to extend twenty-four, please.
Can you spell it?
Here's two dollars. Keep the rest.
When is lunch?
Sorry, this is too much for me.
Where do I start to get to Yunnan Square?
You can inquire at the rental office located there.
Hey, Jane. Can you take all the stuff to the cleaners?
I'm on vacation.
Uh, no. I'm planning to visit Paris on my way home.
Are you going to take it with you or do we have to send it?
There's been a recent proliferation of food experts, hasn't there?
It happened about six hours ago.
Delta Airlines Flight One One Two. The boarding time has been delayed.
Can you give me two for the night?
Can you write me a report of my insurance company's theft, please?
Since I'm not very good with a camera. I think an easy-to-use camera would be best for me.
Is this the right sidewalk for New York.
Enjoy your vacation.
Please give me some gauze.
I'd like a baked potato with sour cream on it, please.
Yes, every ten minutes.
One hamburger and one cheeseburger, please.
How much do you charge to normalize movie images?
We both want to be held accountable for our meals.
I'll pay the bill tomorrow morning.
I'm going there, too. How about we take a cab together?
Have a seat and make yourself comfortable. Can I get you something to drink? Coffee, tea or soda?
It's very nice of you to say that.
The place was on a chair in the foyer.
Roast beef, please.
The table will be ready?
Do I still have time to change my order? I prefer plaice instead of rock oysters.
Please change these yen to pounds.
What kind of appendectomy?
Will you give me the detailed bills for the medical treatment?
I'd like a pocket dictionary, please.
Well, I don't know.
Congratulations, I understand you've been promoted to Vice President.
Day after tomorrow evening.
I live in southern Japan.
Round-trip ticket to Chicago, please.
Do you like to have salt pork or pork belly with your eggs?
To study .
Please, hurry up.
For two people at seven o'clock, name and tanap.
The air conditioner is not working.
It's like this every Monday.
Please go to the international departure hall, have a good flight.
Do you have any trips to Paris via Eurostar?
My watch. It was a Seiko digital watch.
I brought my doctor's medical certificate from Japan.
We are happy to offer you the drink of your choice followed by lunch. A full guide to the drinks we serve on our flights is available in our magazine's information guide.
Do you live around here?
Can you send it to Japan?
Where's the gift shop?
Can I get back to you on Friday?
Well, let me check what's missing and what's there. What kind of camera is it?
I am very sorry, we are preparing the room you requested.
Oh, it shows subway stations and bus stops. Can I keep it?
Ah, I've lost my reticule.
I'm on the main road next to Morro Bay.
Yes, we do. A half-day curriculum and a full-day curriculum.
I prefer to shave .
I need an alarm clock, please.
I want to cancel my reservation, please.
What is a redemption system?
The light doesn't work.
By the way, my name is Hirosh Iijima.
What is the time difference between Tokyo and here?
This train stops in Lake Forest, doesn't it?
How much is the total price?
Thank you, sir.
Step forward and turn right at the third corner.
I feel a sharp pain in my stomach.
Most Japanese people eat octopus and squid.
Did you see that?
It's a gift. Can you wrap this gift for me?
Good evening, Mrs. Kent. We haven't met for a long time.
Can I get two second class tickets to Chicago, please?
I am the happiest .
I went to New York.
I would like to change my reservation to Flight Two Zero Five on October 2nd.
What is a flight number?
Where is the Delta registration table?
Is this a low-sodium meal?
This item is not allowed.
I think we can. Here's your paper.
What was the last thing you took off before you went to bed?
No, I will pick it up during my stay.
Is it colorfast?
Is this a characteristic of this neighborhood?
I want some cookies.
One for New York, please.
for a few days.
Second from the left.
They look very small.
How difficult were the rounds?
I'd like a window seat, please.
Can I ride the train with my Eurail pass?
How long does it take to get to Japan?
Do you have road maps?
Oh, yeah. I read about it in the manual.
I ordered three cups of tea. But only two came.
Electrical appliances are very cheap, but food and housing costs are very high.
I'll take it outside.
I often take a size twenty-two in Japan.
What are the Art Museum's opening hours?
Where do I have to pay, pay, pay?
This is the card, okay?
Is this your first overseas trip?
Which one is the beginner's curriculum?
Of course, this country has more than one type of fruit.
I want to check this bag.
Are there meals at the ski area on this slope?
Excuse me, I locked the door while I was out. Can I have another key?
Convert these US dollars to Japanese yen, please.
It's hard to say goodbye.
Is this the front desk? Is there a clinic nearby?
Excuse me, may I ask the name of your dish? It looks delicious.
They hurt from me .
Which gate do I go to next?
Would ten dollars be enough for a taxi ride?
I thought it was excellent. Good acting and a good plot.
Hey, thanks a lot.
I don't like this room. Can I see another room?
It's the latest trend this summer.
Take me downtown, please.
Can I rent a car?
It tastes weird.
Fix it while I'm out, please.
Do you have snacks?
Please speak slowly.
I'll be an hour late.
I was .
Uh-huh. Hold on, I'll get you one.
Waiter .
Is it going to rain all week?
Half a bottle, please.
Do they have live shows?
Can I see this bag?
Do you have anything else?
You need to rest.
Please fill out the following arrival card and customs form.
Is this car headed to Seattle?
Can I pay part of the fee now?
Is it natural or synthetic?
Are you going to wait for me here?
Oh, thanks, I was just looking for it.
Cash or credit card?
I'm a complete stranger to this place.
Not quite. Just something not too expensive.
Can they be washed in a laundromat or by hand at home?
I need a watercolor box, please.
I'm sorry. What did you want?
I would like to change the date to May 19th.
Please sign here. Here's a bill for your expenses.
I need some harem socks.
I need some lamb meat.
Looking for something?
I'd like to take the bus to Penn Station. Which bus should I take?
Four nights .
I need some men's socks.
Its calories are very low. Only 30 calories.
I want to book a room.
Where in Japan are you from?
Unfortunately he is very busy that day.
In this case, I recommend this one.
Compartment service .
Attention, please.
Can you lower the price because it has some stains on it?
Do you have any commemorative stamps?
This is room three-seventeen. Can I have another blanket?
Can you drive me to the station in fifteen minutes?
We need to pawn the cart.
Someone bumped into me and then I found out my wallet had been stolen.
There are no vacancies in single-bedded rooms but there are vacancies in double-bedded rooms.
Is this ticket only valid for the selected day?
When do you arrive in Milan?
Do you have someone who speaks Japanese?
What is the station that plays popular music?
Delta Air Lines.
I need a pot of coffee.
Does it have a bathroom and a toilet?
The time is over .
I heard that Mr. Yamada has two sons.
I would like to rent a sailboat.
Can you do the dishes later?
I want a gas stove.
Can you change US dollars to pounds sterling?
Certainly, sir. What's your name?
I'm not in uniform.
Please come back next time.
I'm not sure if I've packed enough clothes for a three-day trip.
Two dollars each.
We have all confirmed that the booklets have been sent to you by mail.
Something is wrong with the rear detectors.
Show me some leather gloves, please.
The cart has broken down. Please send someone to fix it.
Can you recommend a picture book for a 6-year-old?
Can you please save my valuables?
Hello, Harry. Thank you for inviting us.
Well, I would like to try the white wine.
They are in the movies even today.
I have about a thousand dollars in it.
My mistake.
I need some clothespins.
Any imported CDs?
I will study conversational English.
Have you read any good books recently?
I'm staying with a friend in New York.
If anyone asks about me, tell them I'll be at the coffee shop.
I'm pretty sure I put it in the inside pocket of my coat.
Do you have a place where I can leave my luggage?
I came here on business.
Do you know any good diving schools?
How much is the price including taxes?
Give me some tissues.
The neighboring apartment is too noisy.
Yes, Dr. Krebs does not see any patients without an appointment.
Can you tell us the name and number of the party you want to call?
Is that a gift?
Will the airline pay for me to buy some basic personal necessities?
Is this heading to the Grand Hotel?
There is no one here by that name.
Where's the policeman, please?
Can I borrow some tape?
I would like a room with a bathroom.
Nothing came out of the machine.
Does this come with a warranty?
What's your diagnosis?
It's at the end of the hallway on the seventh floor. Please take the elevator on your right.
We're at Jones Street Station.
I never thought about going to classical concerts when I was in Japan.
Can you describe this dish to me?
She was supposed to be traveling on flight number eight-two-zero, which took off fifteen minutes ago. Well, okay. I can organize another flight.
It's here. Your seats are located near here.
He's on a business trip until next Friday.
My wife and I are very happy that you are coming to spend the weekend with us to experience American life in the countryside.
It's the next one from Yemen.
Someone opened my package.
Yes, please. My name is Kurosawa. How long can you keep my ticket?
Where can I buy a ticket to take me where I want to go?
Six hundred dollars a month plus a month's advance and another month's worth of our brokerage.
Do you prefer a coat with one row of buttons or two rows?
Oh, it's simple, are you here, anyway.
Japan Airlines, airplane number one, two, three.
I would like to buy a shampoo.
Can you tell us when we get to the public services complex?
I'll come back again with the rest for you.
No, I don't.
What a piece of porcelain. Is this dish worth thirty dollars?
Do you have a nice jacket with a price tag of about thirty dollars?
Where's the nearest butcher shop?
Correct. Do you have any secondary reactions or aversions?
Just by looking at it, it looks like you've picked up some kind of infection from it.
Can I have a receipt, please?
There are three of us.
I know. Do you remember how much you paid for your ticket?
Will you join me for a drink?
What's my room number?
Can I take two of the second round seats for this evening?
I locked the key inside the room.
Does it include taxes?
Excuse me. Can you tell me the way to the railroad station, please?
What time does the post office open?
We would like to have four nights starting August 1st.
As you can see, this bag is made of vintage material, so it's very sturdy and fashionable.
The food is very nice, but I've eaten enough, thanks.
My wallet was stolen on the subway.
I have to go to the Japanese Embassy.
What is the name of this rose?
Can't you give it to me for a lower price?
Is it for Chicago?
Please cash this tourist check.
I've had a fever since the day before yesterday, my throat hurts so badly I can't swallow any food.
It's up here on the wall and the air-conditioning switch is here. Is there anything else you'll need, sir?
September 15 is Respect for the Elderly Day.
Can I get there on time if I leave here now.
There is no soap in my room.
I agree. But I hope it doesn't take too long.
Can you fill out the form for me?
I bought this bag a little while ago but the zipper doesn't work.
You follow?
Please return to the bus at three o'clock.
Millions of people visit famous shrines in the first prayer of the year.
If possible, I would like a table by the window.
I should not drink anything with salt in it.
I'd like an aisle seat, please.
Please give me an estimate.
That's great, thanks.
Do you have anything I can take for the rash?
Can you change the wording according to what you just said?
When do we take it up with you?
I'm sorry. It's sold out.
I would like to send this picture postcard to Japan.
Thank you. Here's your room key. The chauffeur will carry your luggage.
Keep my luggage, please.
I would like to rent a mid-sized four-door car.
Where can I buy porcelain?
My shirt smells like sweat.
How long will it take to order?
How many yen do you have with you, sir?
Hi, I have a reservation.
Please pass me the salt and pepper.
I booked through the Tokyo office. I'm going to be a little late to check in tonight.
Let's do some quick shopping.
I asked for a non-smoking seat when I registered, but this seat is smoking.
Let's go for a drink.
I suggest you buy this type of fish, Red Snapper.
I can't do that, but I'll put it in the bag for you.
Can you speak up a little louder, please?
Is there a specific time and place?
Thank you very much, I would love to attend but I'm afraid I have another appointment.
How long does it take to become available.
In America's colleges, baseball is the most popular game.
I'll give you a painkiller.
Can you tell me when the train is approaching Oxford? I'm afraid I'll still be a passenger after that.
Bill I love you, that's all.
You're overcharging me.
I want to make sure what time he leaves.
I don't think I would be of much use to you.
Where's the sports information?
This size, which you call a regular size, you will find here.
Does it include everything?
Cross the street there and walk forward until you come to the second intersection. Hotel K is behind the intersection.
I need something for my headache.
Low-fat? No way. Are you kidding?
Where will the tour end, and when?
Well, I don't know if I can take care of that.
Please mail this envelope to the airport.
I need something for constipation.
In the springtime, cherry trees bloom.
Can you ask him to stop smoking up there?
I will call him again.
I'm planning to stay with my boyfriend in Los Angeles.
Can you bring me creamer for my coffee?
They are not available in stores.
Do I need an express train ticket?
Here is my phone number and email address.
How old is this church?
Can you buy me a ticket to the opera?
Do you have any guided bus tours around the city?
I'm sorry. I'm a stranger to this place myself.
If you would like to borrow any of my books, please let me know. I really don't mind lending books to friends.
And what about the decor? Are you going to repaint the rooms when the tenant moves in?
I would like to do some good deeds.
How much tax refund will I get?
I can't find it.
Can I have some mashed potatoes but no sauce?
I can give you a Ford Mista Nug after seven years for fifty bucks a week with unlimited mileage.
Oh. Yes. Here you go.
I hope to return to this place again when I'm in the United States.
I've regained my health.
What are your arrangements for the day?
Is that clear?
My wallet was stolen.
Where can I change trains to Edinburgh from?
The door did not open with this key.
I want it simmered.
May we enjoy this bliss and satisfy ourselves in this first-class restaurant?
How nice. You must be looking forward to seeing them.
I would put that in a safe deposit box.
Which tours are better for seeing museums?
Please call the porter.
Where can I change my money?
I'm at a loss for words.
Can you fix it and send it to Japan, please?
Well .
I have to report the theft.
Can I measure this outfit?
I still can't find one of my bags that I searched for at Narita Airport.
I think it's me. Haircut, please.
What kind of treatment are you getting?
Snack, please.
I have about two hundred dollars in cash and my visa.
So has she been driving taxis for a long time?
Please come to the restaurant on the second floor from seven to nine o'clock.
I'm planning on vacationing downtown until May 5th.
What preparations did they make in order to pass the exam.
You're almost there.
All passengers remain seated.
Which bus to take to the Washington Monument?
My name is Akiko Tanaka.
Horyuji Temple is one of the oldest wooden buildings in the world that is worth seeing.
I get it, okay, thanks for taking the time. Can I get two hot dogs?
I am pleased. Oh. This is my flight report.
Yes. Anytime. They're all welcome here.
I need to buy an insurance policy.
Can we leave all but our valuables on the bus?
What's a G.R.? J.R.
Turn it into small bills, please?
I wonder about these extra charges on my bill.
Do you like going to the dance?
Excuse me, please. Recommend a reasonable restaurant with a nice atmosphere.
When is the golf tournament?
After dinner with dessert, please.
Please bring me the dehydrator.
Can you get me some water? I'm very thirsty.
We're not very hungry.
Let me see some brown shoes.
Where? What time are we leaving?
I'll pay fifty dollars.
Please keep these bags until 5:00 p.m., please. And can I get a receipt?
I have a bottle of whiskey.
I'll come see you at ten o'clock on Friday.
Is my meal ready?
I like to make reservations for golf.
Which types of coins are used in this vending machine?
I love ginger beer.
I love some baby food.
Cancel the pickle .
Is this dress made of nylon?
Now I know. What was wrong?
Reservation, please.
I'd like a typewriter ribbon, please.
Please open the door with the spare key.
I would like another cup of coffee.
I want one of those hamburgers so I can go.
Can you ask him to return the call?
We have a catering cart and a coffee cart on the train.
My room wasn't cleaned.
I have a table reservation for 6:20 p.m. this evening. But I'm sorry I'm arriving half an hour late.
You can take the bus from bus stop number 5.
Are there skateboards nearby?
Thank you very much. Keep the rest for yourself.
Did you put a postage stamp on the postcard.
Three nights .
Does this lead to Edinburgh?
When would you like to leave?
Do I have to change planes en route?
There are no towels.
Do you mind if someone else gets it for me?
Is that what you're implying?
Oh, you're past it. Come back again, please.
It's a distinctly Japanese custom, I think.
Wrap these individually and put a ribbon on each one, please.
Let me see, yes - today there is a special lunch that will be served quickly.
Can you divide these into quarters?
White, please.
I want two orders of Morisobi Noodles.
Yeah, there's an empty room. How many people are there?
Is there a currency exchange nearby?
My name is Takeshi. What about you?
Use it weekly by wiping the delicate eye membrane with it after you wash your face, avoiding your eyes and hair.
I was cut by a glass here.
I should have asked the trainer. But can you tell me which machines are suitable for my back exercises?
Stop on this side of the next intersection, please.
I'd like some milk, please.
How many ounces of perfume can I get without a fee?
Only tourism .
Operator .
That's good. Please sign them. How do you want it?
I think we're at the wrong station.
I understand. May I have your credit card number and expiration date to hold your reservation, please?
Can you hit the off button for me?
I bought these pants yesterday, but they don't fit.
Will it shrink?
Can you tell me the time?
I left my laptop there last night.
Do you still have seats for tonight's show?
Do you remember the car number?
How much does this dress cost?
I don't understand German at all.
I'm calling the manager.
Uh, I'm sorry. I'll get your order in as soon as I can.
Absolutely, sir.
It's alcohol-free, so you can rest easy because there's very little irritation.
It's a seven or eight-minute walk, depending on your walking speed.
I'd like to get a big one.
I fell asleep and didn't wake up when my 6:30 alarm went off.
I'm a freelance photographer.
Be sure to deposit it in Boston.
I would like to get a tie.
I will ask another taxi driver.
One beer, steak with French fries and chef's special salad.
Congratulations, Henry, I'm happy to hear about your engagement to Jane.
Walk in a straight line and turn left there.
I want something that fits.
Cashiers can change your dollars for casino tips. Shall we go?
It must have been a big shock for you.
I have a thousand pounds.
How long does it take to walk there?
How tired is she?
What is a good medicine for my tired eyes?
We have about thirty types of bath oils.
Give me some gum, please.
This is not a coupon, it's a registration receipt.
I'll bring you the show next week.
Your call to the country you are trying to connect to cannot be completed right now. Please try to connect at a later time.
The contract will be renewed annually.
Excuse me, waiter, can I have the bill, please?
Can I pay by traveler's check?
Can I have a deductible?
Can you tell me how to get to that restaurant?
There was about thirty dollars and some credit cards.
Your bill is one hundred and fifty dollars and forty-five cents.
Thank you. How much does this glove cost?
How do I put it? It's very important that it's there.
I would like to make a copy.
Thank you. Where's the switch on the air conditioner? It's too hot.
Excuse me, but what street are we on?
Could you please mail this letter?
No, you're going in the wrong direction. You have to go back.
Would you please trim my beard?
How long will it take to complete the tour?
I need some gift wrapping paper.
What's inside?
I think there is an error in this bill.
Can I have a bath towel?
I have to go, I'll call you later.
Can you make a reservation for me to see the musical?
I want some disposable diapers.
Do you have a record of where you used them?
I will call again.
Three months .
I see. We have a doctor at the hotel. I'll arrange for her to come to your room. Can the room manager come as well?
Where was it filmed?
We have very good oysters today.
K as in book, Y as in day, M as in cradle, F as in rose, R as in man, A as in pain. Ki-Mo-Ra is my last name.
No thanks.
I have a toothache. Can I have some medicine for it, please?
I can't turn on the air conditioner.
Where did these butterfly fish originate?
Can you change them to dollars, please?
Drop me off at the next stop.
Can you show me a waterproof coat?
Where is the tourism office?
Can you stop at the market on the way?
What will I do if I don't understand his questions?
I need some socks.
I would like an automatic camera please.
Please take me there.
Should the door be open or closed?
How many dollars do you want?
We're very lucky. They have one in size four at the Alamona store.
Show me the way to the Hilton Hotel, please.
Do you have a map of the subway routes?
Is there a limo?
Do you know if this restaurant requires a reservation?
I would like to book a return flight.
Can you recommend a good French restaurant?
Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
The bathtub trap is broken.
This is a gift, so please wrap it up.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Something's wrong with the battery.
I have something to ask you.
Please make the room a little warmer.
My room is no longer.
Can I get a wake-up call at 5:30 a.m. tomorrow morning?
I prefer a quiet room.
I need nail polish remover.
Please go in a straight line.
Can you help me find my luggage?
I'm guessing that's the World Trade Center, right?
Where's the plastic model shop?
I can't tell you.
Can you suggest a medication for colic pain?
Where's sidewalk number five?
Yes, it seems to be something that needs further investigation. Would you please investigate, Mr. Keenan, and report your findings to Mr. Nakayama as soon as possible?
No, thank you.
I think there's a mistake on the bill. There's a room service charge. But I didn't receive any service.
I want to fly as soon as possible.
Is it a long walk to the Hilton?
I need a battery.
Do you know a good restaurant where we can have good meals at an affordable price?
I want lipstick.
That's thirty-five dollars.
I would like to change my reservation. Can I change my BA flight five zero five to flight five zero five?
Is there a band or a DJ?
Can I rent a breathing apparatus while swimming?
The coal came out, but I didn't notice any change.
I can give you a three percent discount.
This damage was done to the car before I rented it.
Uh, okay. I want to wear it to the wedding on Saturday.
I would like to book a room for four nights starting December 22nd.
No, we'd like each bill separately, please. Everybody pays for themselves.
I need a guide in Japanese.
Excuse me. I'm a stranger here. May I ask the man for you if you like? One moment, please.
Can I catch the bus to the Hilton?
Is there any flight to Tyrol in three or four days?
I feel better now.
Is this an all-weather bag?
I'd like a doughnut, please.
I'm sorry, but we're going to be thirty minutes late.
Can you change this paper currency into coins?
Your room, sir.
I want to rent an automatic weapon for two days.
Please stop all transactions on this card.
Will I get a discount if I stay at your hotel for a month?
Are you here to work or research?
Are you done with your dinner?
I didn't realize the 20th flight to San Francisco.
The quality of these is better.
Certainly, sir. White or colored?
I pawned two pounds.
Do you have a tour that includes a visit to the Golden Gate Bridge?
I can't make it to my connecting flight.
How much do I have to pay to get to the airport?
That's good. When is it?
Where do I take the bus to go to the museum?
Who is the author of the play?
Safety deposit box, please.
I'll only be here for a month.
When does the tour start?
What time does the morning party start?
I'm from Russia.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a fever?
Where can I catch the bus to the Metropolitan Museum?
I felt really happy being with you.
Where's the nearest bookstore?
Do you have any rooms available tonight?
Will you cash that $100 tourist check, please?
Our plane finally arrived in Honolulu.
I'd like that kind, please.
I'd rather not be hospitalized, if possible.
How old is your daughter?
It's flight number seven zero three to Tokyo on September 4th, Friday.
Where do I put my belongings?
At this price, I think I'll look elsewhere.
Please turn off all electronic devices.
How much do you want to spend?
It is not necessary after the pain stops.
Why do you wake up early every morning?
Find a paste.
How many spectators can this stadium hold?
Yeah, that's right.
Loose bookbinding.
We want to play tennis today.
Can you please come with me?
Sorry, I don't recognize this part of town.
I'll call him again at four in the afternoon.
On the morning of January 11, the incident occurred.
Is next Tuesday okay with you?
What about tomorrow?
What kind of restaurant are you looking for? Do you just want to have dinner, or are you looking for a restaurant with a bar?
Is there a police station here?
Japanese life expectancy is the longest in the world.
Two fries and a Coke. Two dollars, please.
Single room please.
Where is the ski slope?
Under the back door.
We look forward to seeing you again.
Can you recommend some cheap and clean hotels?
Can I get a review of this book?
Can you recommend a good French restaurant nearby?
This is the confirmation card.
This will be fine.
So, that's two thousand five hundred dollars a month. We can confirm that we will pay you three thousand dollars a month. How about that?
We can book you a cozy room in an old castle near a popular golf club.
I wish you a happy marriage.
Do you have a ten-year-old Ballantine?
Is this shrink-resistant?
Is the botanical garden open today?
Maybe we can do it, but I'm afraid it will take a few months.
I recommend it because it's 100% made from natural ingredients.
I want to rent a car.
Can we have a plate, please?
Take us to the Hotel Chicago.
The flight was delayed for ninety-nine hours due to bad weather.
Emergency .
I want something with Chanel's repetitive style.
Which aisle is the sanitary diaper in?
Can you show me your passport and customs form please?
I want to join the Niagara Falls tour.
Today's dish is garlic-flavored shrimp with spiced rice.
Uh, hello there. Is this Mr. Clark?
Would you like a hors d'oeuvre?
Do you have any medications?
I think you got the wrong number.
I want a red dress.
I think so.
My name tag has my name on it.
Does the train stop in Brighton?
This is our latest addition to the packing line. We pack about six hundred boxes every day.
I want to go.
I'd like an iron, please.
Can you tell me where I can get a taxi?
Oh no, he's telling me something, what should I do?
Yes . They are.
Please bring me breakfast in my room.
Two second class tickets, please.
These are tight .
Please send this car to the hotel tomorrow at eight in the morning.
Is there a ship's excursion that includes lunch and dinner?
I would like to send a fax.
Do you have a lighter color?
It's very flashy.
Well, no. I'll call him back in twenty minutes. Thank you.
Education has been taken care of, and military strength has increased.
Which do you prefer for dinner, beef or fish?
Maybe MasterCard?
I need a travel iron.
Can I get you anything?
This size, please.
I don't like it.
Five dollars and drinks are extra.
I'm afraid to ask, but what do you mean?
How much for two people?
I suddenly got colic.
How much does a mentor earn per day?
My name is Hiroshi Mori.
I'd like some yogurt, please.
Yes. Is this the correct table for United Airlines flight eight two zero?
Should we wear coats and ties?
What bus goes to Guild Hall?
I want the person who prepares regular letter-size documents without having to fold them.
Please come this way. Let me help you with your bags.
It's on the second shelf in the middle row.
Where is the bar?
Please register your name before nine o'clock in the morning.
Our seats are separate.
Of course. Where do you want to go?
Yes, but not very strong.
I'm hypersensitive to cats.
I'd like a notebook, please.
Yes, you must have a driver's license, and you must obtain a license from the Taxi and Limousine Commission.
Happy time .
Sorry, all seats are taken on August 30th.
You could see something cheaper.
Can you call me a taxi?
Do I need to return immediately to Japan?
The room is more expensive than I was told.
I would like to place another order. Can I see the menu again?
There was a cat-shaped keychain hanging in a bar here.
What are you going to do with this little bag?
I want something for the cold.
Can I see that?
Eighteen dollars exactly.
Please cash this tourist check.
Where do I put the laundry?
Did you have enough?
Keep going, sir.
Walk to the end of this street. It's just before the ice cream shop.
I can't seem to get hot water.
I don't have a reservation.
Can I touch her?
Please indicate its location on the map.
Are there any good cheap restaurants nearby?
I would like to reserve a room for tonight.
That's a great verse.
Is this the bus stop for the bus to Chelsea?
I will be coming to the hotel a little late tonight, but please keep my reservation.
Is it possible to use a credit card?
When the conductor comes to see your ticket, please show him your passport and this ticket.
Except for pencils, which need?
What is Galbraith's latest book?
One entry seat please.
I ordered half-fresh, not fully ripe.
Your suit will be ready a week after the rehearsal, sir.
No, it does not include tax and service charges.
I want apple juice, toast, scrambled eggs and coffee.
Where are the cameras?
One small Coke, please.
I'm a beginner. I don't think I can do it.
Four apples.
How much does it cost to insure it for three hundred dollars?
Do you want to go shopping with me this afternoon?
Can you reissue my credit card?
Hey, that's a really nice dress.
Give me some time to think.
You should rest today.
I want to reiterate exactly what I'm supposed to do.
I know how you feel, take it easy.
I will call again.
Now, your call has been answered. Please come in.
Would you make a reservation for two at this restaurant at 6:00 tonight?
What a strange thing. It looks like a flying saucer in the sky.
I can't sleep well.
What's the gate number?
Can you please tell me what these drawings are about?
What is a Hawaiian souvenir?
Hello, this is room three zero five.
I need some salt for the bathroom.
Is it possible to fix this camera? It doesn't pull well.
What is your name and number?
I thought it was a constant amount between the airport and the city center.
Would you be so kind as to go and check it out now? If they were there, would you bring everything here at once?
Well, I think the exchange rate fluctuates between upward and downward expectations in general.
It has authenticity and history.
What game is being played in the stadium?
What are you going to do on New Year's Eve?
Can I take the subway there?
Can you please give me the number of the Japanese embassy or consulate?
It's good. It's very comfortable.
I need a dryer.
Well, this is a quiet room. Very nice.
Do we go anywhere talking like that?
I have a reservation at seven.
This is good . But there will be a drop in expenses of a couple hundred dollars.
at 7:00 a.m., local time.
It's at the end of this street, three blocks down, I'm guessing.
Sorry, it's fully booked for the Christmas holiday season, but we have one seat on December 22nd.
I see. Thank you .
Do I get reimbursed if you can't find my bag?
Okay. What kind of fruit do you like?
When was your last period?
I'm from Norway.
I did a phone reconfirmation two days ago.
I'm not sure if my passport was pickpocketed or if it simply fell out of my pocket.
The box is sixty-five centimeters long, thirty centimeters wide, and eighteen centimeters high.
I'm looking for a souvenir.
It contains four main islands.
Ten o'clock. Here's your room key. Your room is number fifty-four thirty-three. The valet will take your bags upstairs.
Yeah, we're having a great time in Hawaii. I wish you were here.
Can you provide me with the translation?
I'll have some tea with milk.
Can you pluck my hair half an inch above my eyebrow?
Eight to twelve, please.
When does it open?
Do you have rooms for less than fifty dollars a night?
Table for two at six this evening, please.
Fifteen dollars, please.
Turn left at the flashing light.
I don't need anything.
Can I book a guided tour?
How do I fill this out?
You see a white building on the other side of the street, it's him.
Of course. Let me see it. I think the coral wounded you.
For confirmation, give me the administrator's number.
Is there a freeway?
I'm studying to become a scientist.
Can you give me two tickets for the reserved seats?
Please take off your clothes and put on this dress.
Can you put an extra bed in the room?
Can I get a Japanese telephone operator?
Take this to the station. From there you have to walk to the hotel.
Why didn't he come to the party last night?
I would like to rent a boat with a guide please.
Is there a public restroom nearby?
Show it to me, please.
There was a traffic accident.
I didn't make any phone calls.
Please hold my luggage.
Can I get a wake-up call at 7:00 a.m.?
Do you have a tape?
I like it with a little yogurt and sugar.
I would like to change the flight to Chicago from nine to eleven.
Please bring me a hair moisturizer.
Yakata and Happi are two popular Japanese souvenirs for foreigners.
Sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
Where is the nearest shoe store?
Please enter your ID number.
You have an artistic sense.
Please take care of this luggage until three o'clock.
I came here to see an authentic opera.
I can't adjust the panel.
Are these for sale today?
Don't go to work until Tuesday, and don't eat too much.
One cheeseburger and orange juice, please.
Here's my passport.
Samoan wrestling is one of the traditional sports. Matches are held six times a year.
A chair on the aisle, please.
Practice makes perfect.
How many days will it take for you to order?
She's curvy.
We need more time to examine the contract.
Why, thank you very much. Can I go to the top?
I feel nauseous. Is it possible to get an airsickness bag?
Please tell me how I can get to the museum.
Is this made of leather?
Hey. You by yourself? Why don't you have lunch with us?
Thank you. You too.
Can you save my valuables, please?
Are you taking any other medications?
I want to go to the advanced site.
Have you decided yet?
Jenny. Mike . Sarah . Sam. Come on, everyone's awake.
Can I get two tickets to the musical next Friday?
Is it possible to notify me once it's fixed?
I want a jacket.
Uh, no, thanks. I can find the place. See you later.
You're welcome. Best seat in the house.
I want to rent a mid-sized car for three days.
Do you have a bag to go in?
I want to call San Francisco.
My bag was stolen in the hotel lobby.
How and when should I pay expenses?
Another passenger there said they could switch seats with you.
We ate too much.
It's too tight in here.
Please enlarge the printout to this size.
Hi, this is room number twelve thirty-four. I'm Oda. I need that wake-up call at six o'clock tomorrow morning, please.
Can you pay at the front desk, please?
Can I have the rest, please?
You might be interested in this little computer.
Overall it was an easy flight with a few hiccups.
What is your flight number?
I'm glad you like it. I got it through a sale at ABC department store.
Can I have dinner on the ship?
Can I get a tour brochure?
Are you a regular member of the car rental club.
What to buy?
Exactly. You share our opinion. By the way, he said you were well-behaved.
How did you spend your summer vacations?
Close now and I will call you back.
Are you wearing Chanel cologne?
It's too far away. I need transportation.
Do you have this in red?
Please tell me how to use it.
Can I extend my stay?
Nice try, but you won't know for sure without trying.
How can I contact the information desk?
They are hungry.
Dude, you know anywhere worth seeing near here?
Can I see your driver's license?
No, I want to rent half a set of clubs and a pair of shoes.
Thank you . Enjoy your stay .
I'm coming from Hokkaido.
Have a nice trip.
Do you have this?
What brand is this?
It's on sale now, for only thirty dollars and forty-nine cents.
I was angry at what the salesman said.
Can you let me know when you find the lost bag?
Do you have something bigger?
It is humid in Japan in the summer.
I want to get to the airport at two o'clock.
What is the name of this reserve?
Are there any adjustments you'd like us to make?
I want a color that will make me look younger?
I got an abrasion.
Where's a good place with a good view?
Please bring my bags to the room.
I'd like some tomatoes, please.
Can I have some fruit?
There is no issue.
Can I come into the room now?
I won't find anything like this in Japan. I will buy it.
On Wednesday night.
Please show me to my seat.
What kind of dessert do you have?
You're miscounting.
It's three o'clock.
A little after the neck, please.
I don't recognize what you're saying.
How much is a one-day ticket?
Did you call me?
What's your flight number?
Do you know your friend's taste in clothes?
Is this the place to go if the bag is lost?
I need them urgently.
How much is the total cost?
Do you know of any banks or ATMs near here?
I'm sorry, but I want to cancel the reservation.
I'll be there around four in the afternoon.
I want to leave a day early.
What goods does the store specialize in?
Can I eat my lunch now?
I want to exchange those dollars.
Can you ask if you can get on the next plane?
Will the train from Sydney be late?
Do you have a headache?
You can't take this thing to Japan. It's included in the Washington Agreement.
Can you pick me up at the nearest station?
Yes, I do.
I want to cancel my reservation.
Yes, a small piece. Oh, I dropped my fork. I beg your pardon.
Where is the old part of the city?
Will you give me some newspapers and magazines?
Do you have a smaller one?
Should we leave our cameras at the entrance?
What day is it closed?
I need a taxi. I'm in South Main, Liberty.
I think we have, one moment please.
How can I recognize this person?
Sure, do you want a wavy hairstyle all the time?
This is not an apple but a peach.
I need a grammar book.
Please come to gate thirty-nine at four forty-five minutes past four.
When is the next bus coming?
Can I rent a bike?
Is there a tennis court nearby?
Where is the host?
Do you have an experienced mentor?
When do Japan's famous cherry blossoms bloom?
Yes, I am.
I'm going to the Tower of London. Can you tell me how to get there?
Can I order a large cheese pizza?
It takes about forty minutes by bus.
Is it close?
Yes, we can, I'll be right back.
I was aroused.
I'm sorry, I'm not home right now. Please leave a message after the beep and I will call you back as soon as possible.
I want to take your helicopter tour of New York.
Please make sure you haven't left anything behind.
How often does bus number nine pass by?
I'll give you a prescription. Take it to the pharmacy.
I lost one of my contact lenses.
I take piano lessons once a week.
What do you want on top of it?
Please keep your bags until three o'clock.
My name is Yamashita.
See that staircase? It leads to the platform for the train going the other way. But really, if you want to see London, the bus is much better than the Underground. Take this road, and you'll find a bus stop. Bus number twelve will take you directly to the museum. Have a pleasant visit, sir.
Here's something for you.
We fly three times a week, on Tuesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays.
I had a great time today.
That's a high price, isn't it?
These kinds of hats seem to have become fashionable. I think I'm going to buy one too.
Can I take a blanket?
Is this medication effective in reducing fever?
She is a thief .
Do you want more?
His eyes were black and wide open.
Uh, today's special prices are given here.
Yes, we have this, we'll get it ready for you.
Can you keep my luggage until three o'clock?
I, uh, I just want to visit without an appointment.
Can I book a rental car here?
I understand. I think I can go through them all in an hour.
Here's five dollars without a dime. Keep the change.
Please reserve a table for five.
It's too close to the bathroom. Can you change it for me?
Please, please lend me a calculator.
Where is the conference room?
Are you American?
Is it handmade?
Please show me a list of types of hairstyles.
Do you have a colored map?
I have to be hospitalized?
We have self-protection forces.
Do you want a cigarette?
I'm sorry, it's sold out. Try a subway station.
to this place, please.
Do you have your return ticket?
Would you mind pulling the window down a bit.
My car broke down.
If you find it, we will contact you.
Please do not put sugar.
Where's the eye shadow?
We want a quiet corner, if possible.
My car's engine died. I'm on Fifth Avenue at 57th Street. Please come as soon as possible.
We are interested in natural history.
We're open from ten to seven-thirty.
Is this taxi available?
Is this an express train station?
I'd like to make an international call to Japan, please. This is Yuki Murai in room three-twelve. I'd like to make a call to Mr. Kisiok Murai and charge him for it. The phone number in Tokyo is zero three three three seven two six eight three nine one.
May I see it, please. Are you using it from today?
When should I come?
How do you want your bills?
I'd like a small flask of white wine.
Uh-huh. Can I have my meal later? I'm not feeling well right now.
I want to end the use of the safe deposit box.
Listen, Al, what's the, uh, fax number there at the station?
I will report you to the Consumer Protection Association.
I'd like some headphones, please.
It hurts my toes a little bit.
It's not my fault. Can't you make any arrangements?
Isn't there another way to handle a dangerous situation?
Is it open now?
My hand is swollen?
A pair of eight-inch shoes, please.
I already have news. I'm getting married.
What are the main exhibits in this showroom?
Can you fix this camera?
I need an accident report to get insurance.
Another pair of pants?
I found an apartment through an online search.
Can I get a program?
In degrees Celsius, the freezing point is zero.
I want it for the weekend.
My stomach is upset. Do you have a good medicine?
Yes, all you need to do is shampoo it and expose it to dry air.
All right. You?
All right. Here's your bill. The total is forty-five dollars and fifty cents.
You broke into my room last night.
Can I pay by check?
Show me the fish you saw today in the picture book, please.
I'm remodeling the kitchen?
How long does it take to send this card to Japan by airmail?
We'll be taking off soon.
Yes, sir. Do you have any identification?
I want a toy for my five-year-old daughter.
I have never been sick for a single day in my life.
How many miles to Boston?
It's very nice of you to come to Japan.
I feel much better.
I'll be back on March 25th.
Do you have diabetic cookies?
I want milk, please.
Aww. What a huge serving of food.
Can I have stamps for letters to Japan?
Which platform does the train to Milan leave from?
Please send the car to the Alpha Hotel at nine o'clock on the morning of the sixth.
See instructions on the empty food box.
I will be participating in the New York tour which will be by helicopter.
I want paper money.
Sounds great.
Can you show me your boarding pass, please?
The whiskey you want is fifty cents.
A crocodile trip? Is this a joke?
Don't beat your fins against the sandy bottom.
Is this for work?
Please tell me how I can make an international call.
Can you change that fifty-dollar bill into ten five-dollar bills?
Can I carry this luggage on the airplane?
Please take this away.
He snatched my wallet and ran away.
It's not too far. About fifty minutes.
I'd like to take this away.
How long will it take to get better?
Yesterday, I bought this and it broke.
My budget is fifty dollars.
I will refer you to Mr. Suzuki.
How about six o'clock?
Now, please.
I'm so glad to see you.
Where can I find bus number nine?
May our journey be a happy one.
Don't you have demo classes?
Is there somewhere I can make a phone call?
I'm in the bathroom. There is no hot water in the shower.
Keep this luggage, please.
Three nights from July 1st. What's your room rate?
Give me fifteen liters of super, please.
Can you show me how this electric can opener works?
Will he be ready right away?
What wine do you recommend with this dish?
I lost my transit ticket.
Is there a place nearby to change foreign currency?
Who are the most popular players?
Where is the location of the lost and found?
Where can I watch a movie?
I'd like one hot dog, please.
Is there an express train?
We can send it to the post office for you.
Where can I buy stamps?
I'm from Great Britain.
This year is broken.
Give me that camera. I want to take a picture.
How much more expensive is a first class ticket than a second class ticket?
Are you going to search your restaurant for my purse?
Taxi stand, where?
I'll have to check with my wife.
It was cold.
I need something for my headache.
I want to be compensated for it.
Me, too. I thought you could help me understand the menu.
Would you sign here, please?
I want some drops.
I want French food.
Peach blossoms are admired at the Dell Girls' March 3rd celebration.
From which platform will the train to Takeo leave?
So, how about this one?
Did you take any oranges?
So, can I trade it for something else?
There is a telephone box in front of this bank.
I arrive on March 9th and leave on the 14th.
Uh, excuse me. Can you tell me about some interesting places to visit in this town?
Are there any cafeterias nearby?
Two round-trip tickets to Boston, please.
It says, "Stick to your sailors. "
Want to visit a specific place?
Did he write it?
Yes, you can buy stamps from the vending machines in the lobby.
Which of these shoes are for sale?
I'm on Interstate 80 near the Berkeley exit.
Just your name and address is enough.
That's a little pricey, don't you think?
Let me get your bags.
How much does it weigh?
Call someone who speaks Japanese.
This is room number two thirty-one. Could you please bring two cups of coffee?
I think this is the wrong change.
It takes about three hours to go to the office and back.
Can you recommend a clothing store that is popular among young people?
He has a batting average of three twenty-five.
Please don't come again.
I leave at two fifteen in the afternoon.
I have a ticket to Detroit that leaves at 11:00 a.m.
Please make me a chair next to the aisle in the center.
Can you help me find him?
I'm looking for something made in the USA.
Does it take more than a ten-minute walk?
I think I'm falling in love with you.
What time did you say we should hand in our paper by?
Is there a caretaker?
Do you have a heel?
Where is the final stop of the bus?
What is the population of your country?
Do you want dessert?
Party of four, 7:30 tonight. What do you call it?
I want to change my order.
What is the first place tourists are interested in visiting in England?
I'm leaving tomorrow.
I'd like some pickled cucumbers, please.
Do you have time tonight?
I come from Tokyo.
I'd like a juice, please.
What places do you plan to visit in this country?
What's this made of?
Mr. Frank Schmidt, our factory manager, will be pleased to see you here.
Twenty-five dollars including bus fare, guide and entrance fees.
What do you think goes along with this?
I was on a Pan American flight four zero two. I checked two bags.
I need a battery for this, please.
Near the theater, please.
Recorded, please.
Where is the check-out counter?
It's hot.
Sorry, this is the type of room we have.
We mainly trade in household appliances.
Bathroomless singles, please.
Yes, I'm looking for a dress.
We want to try local food.
What's in it?
Take my friend to the hospital, please.
It really helped.
The city's art museum is good.
This grape tastes good.
What number should I dial to get information?
Where is the phone?
We will have a meeting and decide within a week.
Please give me a receipt for the insurance company.
Are you talking?
Yes, it does. The sky looks like it's about to get a lot more ominous.
Same to me, please.
This wine really relaxed me.
One minus . The total of what you bought is five.
Thank you for driving me here after hours. I really appreciate your help.
What's the fastest meal?
How much is the nightly rate?
Of course. One minute, sir.
My order didn't come.
You don't have to wake me up for meals.
Sure, please.
Don't worry. I called someone from the fire station.
How much does it cost to go to Holiday Inn by taxi?
There are plenty of hot springs.
I miss you .
I'm sorry. I spilled some coffee.
No, just for a few months. I think I'll be around for about three years.
Please change fifty thousand yen to US dollars.
Is the post office nearby?
I want to rent some surfing equipment.
Do you have any local dishes?
Can you save this seat for me?
That's fine with me. I actually like to smoke.
I don't understand what you're saying.
Hello. Where is our private room, please? Can you direct us to it?
I will never forget the time we spent together under the tree on a bright summer day.
Is this the right window?
Where can I buy skis and boots?
It should get warmer this evening.
Did you forget our drinks?
Here is my full name and address.
How much for a double room?
This wine tastes bad.
Can you bring a pillow to room eleven, please?
Where on the third floor?
Can you send it to my address in Japan by international parcel post and collect the price from there?
I don't have a ticket.
Where is the cemetery?
I have to say goodbye.
By the way, where's the tie section?
Can you tell me how to get there?
The intermission is thirty minutes. Can you grab a snack at the snack bar on the first floor?
Can you help me, please?
Welcome aboard Air France.
Do we have time to walk around?
I want a glass of red wine.
My dream has come true.
No ketchup, please.
Where are the docks?
This is a cabbage .
Only if it's yours, sir. Haha, a little joke.
All right. Here's your key. Your room is number eleven zero nine.
Where can I buy plates?
Sorry to interrupt, but let's get to the main issue. We have a lot to discuss today.
I'm sensitive to antibiotics.
I have some English, math, and French homework.
I will draw a map .
Of course. What can we do for you?
Do you accept dollars?
The visa is valid for six months.
That's very good. It doesn't need to be done tonight.
Aww, it's coming.
By sea mail?
It would be dangerous if I didn't take a taxi to the hotel.
We have beer, whiskey, brandy, gin, vodka, and wine.
No, I'm afraid we're going to be a few hours late.
Some without filtered cigarettes, please.
I'm getting off at the next stop.
Call Mr. Ogawa and get paid for it, Tokyo four five six seven.
I understand. Please fill out this form. We may not be able to find it, so you should contact your credit card company.
I'm very sorry, sir. We have to call the police.
Is there a discount store nearby?
Personal fulfillment. Uh, does a passport work?
His proposal before .
My room number is three twenty-six. Can you take the laundry?
Please show me the bills.
Give me instructions.
Yes, I have two cartons.
Bag snatcher. Stop him.
Yes, we have ninety-nine types of snacks.
I'll see if any of them suit me.
I want a kettle.
Get me some grated cheese.
Please call a Japanese doctor.
He just went out to lunch. He'll be back in ten minutes.
Will we make it in time?
May I ask you to draw the route to the post office?
Somebody help me, please.
Looks like my camera is broken. Can you take a look at it?
Is there any other bus line that goes there?
Is the price per set or per item?
What kind of condiments do you prefer? We have Thousand Island, blue cheese, and French.
I want some change.
Can I get my shirts clean tomorrow morning?
Can you speak slowly, please?
No, you guessed right. I got divorced about six months ago.
Certainly, sir. How do you like your steak?
Can you tell me how to control the room temperature?
Everything is beautiful.
What is a formal kimono?
I go to the bathroom a few times every hour.
Can you ask him to call me back?
I'd like a glass of red wine, please.
I'm looking for a silk stocking.
Carry my bags, please.
Is this bus going to Boston?
I leave at seven tomorrow morning, so I want my bill now.
Trim it slightly above the eyebrows, please.
I'll take this and this.
Why then?
Uh, excuse me. Is there a bookstore around here?
I want to send this by sea mail.
Please hang up. I'll call you back later.
The bathtub overflowed.
I think you made a mistake. The room is already paid for. I have a receipt.
There are four distinct seasons.
Well, I think I'll go down three percent.
My credit card did not come out of the ATM.
The bus is there .
The model may be more user-friendly.
I have had these symptoms since this morning.
This is Kida in room seven twenty-nine. I have a severe stomachache. Please call a doctor for me.
I hate you.
I want two ISO hundred rolls, color film, thirty-six shots, please.
I would like to cash this check for seventy dollars.
I would like to book a suite.
I would like to buy stamps for ten postcards to Japan, please.
Where's the gas station?
Is that an infection?
It will take about ninety-nine days to reissue a card. Please write your hotel name and phone number on this paper, so that we can contact you.
Does this limo go to the Palace Hotel?
Are you going to school?
Are there banks near the station?
Do you want something to drink?
I'm afraid there might be an error in the invoice.
I want a tent.
I found it.
I'm looking for a thread.
What makes you want to study hard?
Will our order come right away?
Which one is closer?
It's right here.
Does the train stop in Adelaide?
Please send the check.
One cheeseburger to go, please.
I want this .
This way, please. The seat by the window is yours.
I need some nasal drops.
Is this a subway station or a regular train station?
Where is the boarding hall?
It's one zero four in the afternoon.
It will take a little time to set up but .
We must decide this evening whether to proceed with our plans to establish a branch somewhere in Latin America, and, if we do, where exactly, when, and how.
Can I get a reimbursement card for canceling a party or game due to rain?
When you buy more than ninety-nine dollars, you can use the customs exemption system.
Bron. My name is on her side.
I'll have the valet open the door with the master key. One moment, please. What's your name and room number?
Enjoy listening to the music of the soul.
You can't really do design work without a computer anymore.
The battery is weak.
I see. So two round-trip tickets to San Diego, please.
Your coffee, please.
What time is it?
Do I need a hunting license?
We would like a table by the window.
I run.
I am unemployed.
Are there any diving schools available?
Can you bring my luggage down at 7:00 a.m.?
Do we have to pay for drinks?
I love Joya. I miss seeing them.
There's a cut in my blouse. I wonder if you could sew it for me, please?
Can I get a record-breaking deal there?
Do you have a bus to the airport?
Well, when you come to Japan, please visit my house.
Uh, about an hour. That's a little far.
It's perfect for the beach.
How long does it take to get there and back?
Can you hold my luggage until four o'clock?
How much is the fare to Manchester?
It takes about forty minutes. Please take a Japanese brochure, if you like.
Fifty cents a word. It's more expensive than I expected.
Can I leave this cart outside the lobby?
Are these items tax-deductible?
The best thing is having a good time with good friends.
I would like to book a room with two beds and a bathroom for two nights, starting on May 3rd.
Can you drop them off tomorrow morning?
Due to the blizzard, the Air Canada flight Zero Two One was canceled.
Do you mail books to Japan?
How long will she stay?
Does the X-ray machine affect the movie?
I'm on a slimming diet, so make it a small portion, please.
The flight is canceled. We'll take you to the hotel.
I will arrive late, but keep my reservation, please.
What time will it be?
Can you lend me an extension cord?
Where can I buy a beach mat?
Please give me a discount.
I'm right outside my room. My room number is two zero one.
We have ten single rooms, eight doubles and nine twins.
We can check our stuff here.
Please put it on the scale over there. Seventy-five cents.
Can you take me to Union Station and teach me?
I would like to look at this.
Well, because you know the government will introduce more measures that incentivize pumping.
Do you have airmail labels?
Will I be able to get the things on the list from the supermarket or do I need to go to the pharmacy as well?
No, we didn't, but you bought the gasoline. Please fill up the tank before you return the car.
I would like to send this postcard to Japan by airmail.
in New York. The tour company said it should be valid.
Thank you for everything.
So, please give me a new reservation.
Do you think I should go back to Japan?
May I ask your name?
Today's price will reach this amount.
Give me this pork chop, but not that fish.
We're coming up on seven.
Where is the exhibition?
Can I use the bathroom or shower tonight?
When I see prices this cheap, it seems silly to buy anything in Japan.
You stole my records, too.
The number is two zero nine three fives one two one two one two.
We are a group of three.
Come on, give me a better amount.
A cone of vanilla ice cream, please.
Your start time is 2:00 p.m. as booked. But another party will be ending shortly.
Did you make a reservation?
I go to the restroom every thirty minutes.
How long does it take by sea mail?
I agree. It should become very natural.
Right here?
Note the gap, note the gap, then close the doors, please.
We will stay for three nights.
I will need a credit card.
Here is the number .
I would like to change my trip.
Is there a subway station nearby?
This is Mr. Kobayakawa speaking. May I speak to Mr. Thomas?
When does this train leave?
Tell me a good area for this river, please.
How often do you give a concert?
I would like to take a snowboarding lesson.
Inquire about the rent of your apartment.
For one person?
Please give me an incident report.
Give me a small bottle of it.
No, thank you for now.
Where do locals usually eat?
Do you have any debit cards in it?
It will be forty dollars plus taxes, making it forty-three all together.
Okay, stay on the line. Mr. Nakajima, Ms. Saito doesn't seem to be answering the phone. Do you want me to call her longer?
Is it easy for a two-year-old to play?
Perhaps, but each should be studied separately.
I want to send these postcards to Japan.
I'm from France.
May I see your ticket?
Two one-way tickets to Washington DC, please.
Can we play with these shoes?
Can these pieces fit in my pants?
Please make a call and get paid for it.
It seems to be very rare.
Where's the luggage manifest for flight seven zero three?
I don't know what the size is.
Where's the nearest phone?
Yes, please do it. I'll be waiting for your call.
Can you give me a discount for a three-night stay?
Can I take a message?
Right by the theater right next to the bookstore. But you have to make a reservation.
Something is wrong with your bag.
Excuse me. Can I get a map of the city?
Isn't it dangerous?
This line is long.
Is this going to ruin it?
I want fried eggs, toast and tomato juice.
Map, please.
Can you break this down, please?
Do you have another enrollment form?
No, thank you. It's better if I don't drink any more.
Is your name tag on your luggage?
Anything to announce?
Double room, please.
There are no reserved seats. You can take as many seats as you like.
I'd like some sausage, please.
He took my bag.
Are you Korean?
No, but we have a small new car as an alternative. The red one is there.
You said our exchange rate. Does that mean each bank has a different rate?
What is he expecting me to wear?
How many coins does he take?
Measure it, please.
I would like a wall clock.
What town will the bus stop at next time?
Aww, you're pretty good, aren't you?
Swiss francs, okay?
How long does it take from Los Angeles to San Francisco?
Good evening. May I help you?
I would like some medication for indigestion.
I want to tell my friends about this place, so can you give me a brochure about the hotel?
I lost my passport. Please file a theft report.
Where are you taking me?
Where is the phone?
Please tell me about some streets that are suitable for shopping.
Excuse me a moment.
I will write to you .
Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel?
What is the most comprehensive tour of the city?
Now, this painting is very special. It was painted by Tsurutaro Kataoka. He is recognized as a world-class artist.
Can you fill out this form, please?
I'd like an onion hot dog, please.
What's the special today?
Excuse me. Can you tell me the average cost of a regular dinner?
Replace this, please.
How about leaving tomorrow morning for Paris and switching to the Swissair evening flight?
Please wait until you are evacuated.
No diving .
Yes. This is room eleven zero nine. The air conditioner isn't working. Can you fix it?
All right. Where's the shutter button on this camera?
We have won contracts with most suppliers in Japan.
Can you tell me the way to Union Square?
Can you tell me how to use the gas pump?
Do you have a retriever?
at the ZZZ Hotel. Funny name, isn't it?
The coral reefs are beautiful here and the current is gentle by comparison.
Eighty-five pence.
I have a great appreciation for classical music.
Can I take you out to dinner sometime?
That was magical.
I scored two bags.
Absolutely. And please give my regards to Ms. Cook, who made a lot of good gestures during our meeting.
Do you have any accommodations available at this price?
Okay. What is your partner's name and number, please.
I have my bank account number.
I'm afraid you can't. You'll have to go out there and walk around.
I'm a housekeeper.
Uh, excuse me. Let me out, please.
Can you spell your last name, please?
Ticket to Chicago, please.
Can you call an employee who speaks Japanese?
Do you think you can change a tire yourself?
It's really beautiful. You should come and visit sometime.
Where is the problem? Please explain.
From the left, these refer to the necessary manufacturing time, display cost, and financial risk.
Can you change a ten-dollar bill?
When do we leave?
Can you recommend some other hotels?
I'd like some face powder, please.
Is the flight delayed?
Excuse me.
We visit our relatives fairly often.
There is a hole in this.
We only have size eight now.
We have coffee, tea, orange juice, etc. What do you like?
Do not disturb .
I'm just passing through.
It looks undercooked. Can you cook it longer?
Can you take this luggage to the taxi?
I want a strong one.
Can I have some pepper, please?
No, I feel lucky. Come on.
Where can I make my purchases?
Do you have a bigger one?
Please let me know when we get to Green Park.
Do I have to get insurance?
Can I take pictures in the museum?
What movie is playing internally right now?
Can you change this to Japanese yen?
Miki Hayakawa. This is room seven zero two.
Yes, I did. I went last Sunday with a friend.
This is room three zero two.
I have to stay here tonight, don't I? Can you help me get a hotel room?
Can I have some more bread?
It shouldn't be too long. Fifteen minutes at most.
Can you help me get tickets?
Is it a fixed price for downtown?
I would like to make a reservation for three at seven o'clock, please.
Do you see a white building? It's in front of the building.
Is this the correct track for the train to Station X?
I'm at the ABC Hotel, room six eighty-five. Can you ask him to call me here, please?
No thanks, that's all.
My joints hurt.
Can you tell me the value of this call?
Where's the gas station?
Well, can you tell her I called, please? I'll call her back later.
This coffee is too heavy.
Please give me a copy of the theft report.
We have subway systems in major cities like Tokyo.
Sorry we can't, we don't have the same item.
Are there any morning rides?
Can you give me an anesthetic?
Definitely . Walk forward for three blocks. Then turn left. You'll see a beautiful Chinese-style gate.
The price will be ten dollars a head.
Excuse me. Can you fill it out regularly, please?
Did you get a good look at the suspect?
Does it change foreign currencies?
Our total budget is about fifty dollars for three people.
Well, what is it, what do you think? I would certainly like to hear your views.
How about carrying those shoes in them for me?
Can I buy a roll of the movie?
Do you have Japanese beer?
I'll be back here again tomorrow. What are your work hours?
Does it include a hair wash and dryer?
I'd like a bathing suit in a small size, please.
Who do you want to see?
When is it time to board the airplane?
I need some underwear.
I'll let you know my phone number there as soon as I can.
The main course consists of grilled beef and lobster.
Which track does the train to Boston start from?
This is one of our finest quality.
Will you be able to make it up to me?
I want to check in my luggage.
We'll be eating it together, so bring an extra fork, please.
Are the elderly still respected in Japan?
Is there any charge for the headphones?
The base fee is five hundred dollars and an additional fee of fifty-five dollars per month.
at the Halekulani Hotel.
Absolutely, ma'am. Do you want to use a shoe liner? How's the fit?
This is Mrs. Kawazu in room sixteen eleven.
You're welcome.
Has the confirmation been repeated?
May I see that, please?
Frozen watermelon juice, please.
What kind, sir?
Is that okay?
There are none.
Which is more important to the Japanese people, New Year's Day or Christmas?
Your seat number is thirty-two A. Then walk in a straight line down this hallway. It's the seat next to the window.
It's not going to be that great.
Can I have a couple of hot dogs?
Help me, please.
I wake up at six o'clock every day.
Unfortunately, we can't. It will take more than two weeks.
Where can I find tourist information?
I understand. I'll check with our staff.
How do I get to the Empire State Building from here?
How much does it cost to rent a cell phone and pager?
Oh, my God.
Have you started taking dinner orders?
My name is Tsuneo Suzuki. Here is my reservation confirmation.
at the Ritz.
Hello. To Paris, please.
One moment, please.
A table by the window, please.
Can you show me the one by the window?
Does this cleanser prevent sweat from leaking out of the body?
Plastic bags please.
I lost my bag.
I want to measure these high-heeled shoes.
Will the changing of the guard be displayed today?
You can fill out a prescription at the pharmacy on the main floor.
Don't you have smaller pills?
I'm sorry, but all of our tables are occupied. Would you like to wait?
This one is cracked.
I'd like a one-week vacation, please.
I'll have a bite of ice cream.
Can we have an ashtray, please?
Please turn left.
Tanaka, room number one zero zero zero.
Excuse me, can I have some water?
It's too big for me. Please show me a smaller size.
How nice of you to say that.
Look outside. Here I come.
Can you reissue another ticket for shipping fees only?
It will take about an hour.
Please complete the missing data in the report.
I don't understand American English, I speak high end English.
Five twenties and four fifties.
Is this zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero?
I will keep you updated on my whereabouts.
Since yesterday .
Is there a laundromat nearby?
Can I borrow a hair dryer?
Can you bring me the salt, please?
It's a gift .
I'm waiting for you to calm down.
Includes collision and liability insurance.
The number is zero three three three two three four one two three four.
I'm really happy with the gift.
I had better keep a tight grip on my wallet, in case anyone tried to snatch it.
Lost the claim card.
In the evening, it gets dark around four o'clock and the shops close early.
Does it include the service fee?
How much do you want his discount?
Excuse me, but can you explain these buttons?
What about that car over there, Plymouth?
Do you have decorative pins with cool designs?
Excuse me, but I need someone to help me.
I'm calling from a public kiosk in Massey.
for four days . If symptoms persist, I can fill them again.
Is there service to Seattle from Chicago?
Does an eight-and-a-half by thirteen-inch paper fit.
Is there a private bathroom?
Towels should be rolled up on the shelf above the sink.
Show me some sweaters that go with this.
We hope to increase sales of microcomputers in educational outlets by popularizing their use in this neglected field.
How much is the price?
These are very large.
There is a huge demand for this new computer.
Bleeding here .
I want housing.
How much does it cost per hour to wait?
This is possible if you can travel on an early morning flight on the 26th.
Ladies and gentlemen, on board our flight today we have Japanese-speaking flight attendants who can be recognized by the badge they are wearing. If you know anyone who needs help with translation, please let us know.
Is there any particular era of art you prefer?
I'll have a fashionable pie, please.
Water, please.
Please check them again.
If the full day tour includes Fisherman's Wharf, I'll take it.
Don't worry.
I feel unwell, please give me some medicine.
Walk in a straight line along the river for about half a mile. You will reach the park.
This steak is too hard for me to chew.
We just ran out.
Well, they're a great young team, and the Dodgers are coming on strong as well.
Not yet, thanks.
Please stand in the center of our group.
No, they are very durable.
I want the laundry done sometime today.
Transparent color film, please.
Japan is the seventh most populous country in the world.
Okay, I'll send it to Las Vegas for you.
Someone tried to enter the apartment. A young criminal, I think.
I'm looking for a running shirt.
It's very tight in the chest.
Can you call an insurance company?
What kind of wines do you have?
No, take number three.
It's five dollars.
Uh, thank you. I enjoyed it.
Would you like something from the bar?
This way, please. Take this elevator.
I'm at work.
I'm staying at the Hilton. I'll only be here for three days.
I'd like a portable TV, please.
Are there any hotels near the airport?
I'd like a flavored Frankfurt sausage, please.
I feel a sudden pain in my stomach.
Call the rescue team, please.
One ticket for one student, please.
Please write a letter as soon as you arrive.
It's best to take the 8:30 train.
I'm sorry. Look, I'll pay for everything. Just don't call the police. My father will kill me.
I am constipated.
Can you wrap this as a gift?
I have a slight stomach ache.
Didn't you eat something in between?
Two one-dollar stamps and ten twenty-cent stamps.
They don't eat raw eggs in the United States.
Where can I fix my watch?
Please tell them we will be about thirty minutes late.
Give me ten souvenirs, please.
I'm using your safe.
How do I get to the restaurant?
Faster .
Is there a movie theater nearby?
They'll be ready tomorrow. But using our own service, by this evening.
Now is the season for collecting oysters, so they will be in good shape.
Sure, take the number five bus from the Royal Hotel and get off at Downtown Square.
Excuse me, but can you direct me to the station?
You can find it at the bus stop there.
I'll ask him what's right for him before I call him.
Car rental department, please.
I want to see the mountains.
I want a used watch.
Is this for women or men?
I want to buy new glasses.
We want to file a missing luggage report.
I will be logging in at approximately 8:00 pm.
It's getting late. I have to leave.
Will we stop at the store on the way back?
It will be completed by tomorrow evening.
I haven't used your laundry service. Can you check again?
Transfer this to Pizzetta, please.
I'd like tea, please.
Which do you prefer, a non-smoking seat or a non-smoking seat?
No, there isn't.
I'm Mr. Tanaka. I just checked in, but I don't like the room.
Is this the last stop?
Whiskey on ice, please.
No, but we have a doctor who can understand Japanese very well. So there is no issue at all.
Okay.
I don't know Australian sizes.
Will you dance with me?
That's all for now. How much do I owe you?
If I were you, I'd try it.
Let's call him.
The illustration shows the main differences between the two types of contracts.
Am I? Chess is a perfect game for me.
Yes, it is. I want to buy some souvenirs. Can you recommend something typical?
Is this spicy?
He's sick. Please call a doctor for him.
What are the most popular sports here?
What kind of TV shows are you interested in?
Do we lose or gain a day on our way to America?
Show me the schedule, please.
Where can I take a sightseeing bus?
Yes, I want to do some sightseeing.
I need some speakers.
Do you live alone?
You have to wait about an hour.
How did you do it?
My camera is not working properly.
Have a nice stay.
Yes. I bought a sweater at your store this morning. But when I came back and opened it, it wasn't the one I bought. This is my receipt.
How do you eat this?
Do you have a green salad?
There are a lot of tourists near the building, and they seem to have gathered to take a look at what's going on.
Fully loaded, no thank you.
Do you know any doctors who speak Japanese?
When does the show start?
Can I pay in yen?
My hobbies are mountain climbing and playing the piano.
Thank you for your hospitality.
I can't believe I have to go back to Japan. I wish I could stay longer.
The water is leaking from the top. I can't stand sitting here.
I nominate a masterpiece .
I'm Mrs. Maezaki in room twenty-three-fifteen. I need a wake-up call tomorrow morning.
It is famous for its beautiful surroundings.
Goodbye.
Where can I buy an antique?
Yes. In blue, red and yellow.
Honesty is the best policy.
I would be happy to be of use to you.
I'd like to fill up at pump number five, please. Here's twenty dollars.
How nice to meet you.
Where can I cash some traveler's checks?
Are you making a reservation for tomorrow night?
Can you take us to C19 and C20?
Can you wake me up at six o'clock, please?
I was only recently able to buy a new car.
Part my hair on the left, please.
How many times does the bus run to Hyde Park?
How much for a half day?
Do you have a Japanese-speaking guide?
I am Kenji.
Yes, a green salad, please.
Find a doctor who understands Japanese, please.
Right now and with a friend. But there's a catch. I don't have a boyfriend yet.
Do you know any good places to see them in Chicago?
Give me some medicine, please.
Well, if you both insist, I'll go with you.
I want to change my room.
I heard the announcement that Flight One Zero Seven has been canceled.
I'd like a pair of rubber-soled shoes, please.
Walk in a straight line. Milton Hotel is on the left.
Where can I get a ticket?
I want to make a reservation.
Please drive as fast as you can.
Can you replace this one with another one of the same type, please?
The food is mediocre.
How many bottles of alcoholic beverages do you have?
I want to get to the airport before six o'clock.
Are you planning on dropping the price to seven dollars?
I want to do some shopping before we leave. Can you take care of my suitcase for a while?
You can transfer them at any of the banks at the airport.
I need some paper clips.
How much is the price?
We have excellent rose wine.
Okay.
Can I speak to Mr. Jones?
What is this bill for?
Did you see the game? The Yankees won.
I want to make a collect call from the other end of Japan. This is Watanabe Goro, room number one two three. I'd like to speak to Mr. Watanabe Makoto at number eight one four five three nines four ones.
Here's your bill.
I will try this .
No, I don't. I just came from Japan.
No, thanks. I'll find it myself.
I want to make a reservation for 3:30 pm.
Is this bus on route five?
Our guide will meet us at the airport.
One-to-one call, please.
Nice. Thanks.
She is bleeding.
I'm allergic to shellfish.
Can you tell me what's on TV today?
What day of the week is this?
Is that eye shadow?
That's right . It would be good practice.
I'm sure I'll recover quickly.
I am a teacher .
I need a paint box.
Thirty-six photos, please.
What channels is the movie on?
Mexican food.
Here comes the bus. You better hurry up.
All right. The key to successful shopping is to get there early before the crowds.
Let's make a deal.
Uh, great. We have plenty of time then.
What's your specialty cocktail?
Do you have this in a dark green color?
Twenty thousand yen, please.
Is this the gateway to American Airlines Flight 20 to Miami?
Safe deposit box, please.
It's very little.
Can I convert this currency to another country's currency later?
Give me all your money.
My office is up here. This is my secretary, Anne Butler. Anne, this is Mr. Ozu from Osaka.
I want to book an economy class seat on the flight to Chicago on Wednesday.
Please bring appropriate wine.
I want to book a room for the next three nights.
Can you open the door for me, or can I borrow the original key?
One of these red cans, please.
Maihama is the right stop to go to Disneyland.
It's a bit pricey.
I want somewhere small.
What time will the bus arrive at the Hilton?
Am I required to pay for gas?
This is a favorite dish in our restaurant.
Please pay the hotel's cancellation fee.
Nice. I get off work at 6:00. How about seven then?
All right. The balance in your account is six hundred and thirty dollars.
The largest department stores are located there.
Can I pick up my luggage at the end of the trip?
Please check it out quickly.
Do you have a nice gift for my husband?
Wake me up at meals.
Can you tell me how to use the wall clock?
To study .
Sure enough, here's the mustard paste.
The socket does not work.
Do you see the United Airlines sign number seven zero seven? You need to go there.
I have sixteen dollars for a premium lead-free brand.
I have a stomach ache. Can I get some medicine?
I'm looking for a stapler.
This was popular during the 1940s through the 1960s.
I want to know my neck size.
Do you want more coffee?
Thief. Catch him.
The switch is broken.
We are waiting for our friends to show up.
Can I call you? Can you give me your phone number?
Please give me some change.
These are forty percent cotton and sixty percent nylon.
I'll bet it on red even numbers.
Rental clubs charge eighty dollars for a full set and two dollars for a pair of shoes.
Three days starting June 7th.
Are there rental apartments for tourists?
Does he know I'm here?
Tomorrow? I'm not doing anything all afternoon. But why?
I want to make a collect call from the other end to Mr. Hashimoto.
Is there a soccer game this weekend?
That sounds good. I'll take this, please.
Can you show me my bill, please? What are these charges for?
They are on the other side of the magazine section.
What are today's choices?
Where can I apply for a new release?
It's for a short period of sleep. It's a little pricey.
Tapio Ozora .
I'll show you around.
We want a table in the smoking section.
I want a product against dandruff.
Can you help me fill out this form?
Is there any discount for tourists?
I want a zipper.
After the hair wash, I want to paint my nails.
Not too expensive. Uh, okay. Well, we're staying at a nice hotel called the Beverly. It's on the East Side.
I'm moving on to another trip to Paris.
Never say no.
Have you known him for a long time?
In the souvenir shop by the entrance.
No, that's Tamura.
Permanent tight curls, please.
I have an appointment at seven o'clock.
What is pungent?
Please iron these.
I want to book a sleeper car on the flight to Madrid tonight.
Sure. Just walk down this street for two blocks, and you'll see Nation's Bank on the right-hand side.
She's small-bodied and smart.
Thanks, but I want to think about it.
When does it arrive?
How much is a pound of this?
What happens if I say yes?
What's the opera today?
Fried, please.
Would you like me to make another deal?
My laundry hasn't come back yet.
 The Lady in Red is a champagne based on a strawberry cocktail and is very refreshing.
That's helpful. Thank you. I'm sorry, your name, please.
Was there any distinguishing characteristic or mark on him?
By the way, are you free next Saturday?
There is another bus at half past twelve.
Can I take a look at the sweater in the display case?
Two glasses of daiquiri, please.
Are there any restaurants where Japanese is spoken?
Can you call my colleague with the pager? He got lost in traffic.
I will give you an injection .
Well, then, maybe we'll get along.
She treated me like a beggar.
My companion developed severe stomach pain.
I need a cream for oily skin.
Can you recommend a sightseeing tour?
Approximately 30 minutes. Please wait in the transit hall.
Can I make a paid call from the other end to Japan?
I understand. Can you help me with this other issue as well?
Can I order a pizza delivered to my room?
Can you put eyeglasses in these sunglasses?
I think we can have a table in thirty minutes.
Where's the nearest barber shop?
How much does the crew cost?
I'm coming from Germany.
Please convert these to dollars.
Do you have persimmons?
There is a nice smell coming from the food store.
I'll take two of these.
Did you show me how to make a phone call?
I bet there are people on drugs here.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
May I ask what time you leave here?
It's outside.
Such smart dogs. What breed?
My dad freaks out on airplanes.
I'm here with my friend. Can we sit with you?
The food is great and the people are hardworking, but the TV is childish.
I understand. Let me check the book. I have an opening on Friday. Do you prefer morning or afternoon?
Uh, thank you. Please pay at the collector there. Thanks again.
When will I return?
Where is the administrative staff room?
Nine o'clock.
I'm sorry. I don't have enough right now.
All right. Let's do it. Are you ready?
Is that quartz?
I dropped my fork. Please get another one.
Uh-huh. I want toothpaste too.
Order potato salad on the house, please.
Air pollution is a serious issue in this city.
Do you guys have a break?
I feel a tingling sensation in my stomach.
The phone number is one, two, three, five, six.
Do you prefer fish or beef?
I'd rather have a seat. I have to find a seat.
I have to get to the airport before eight o'clock in the morning.
I think I've met you before. I'm Kenichi Yamada from Nanyo Technology.
Can you look at the vision test schedule, please?
We're having a friendly party tomorrow. Join us. Are you coming?
Can I get a screwdriver?
Can I shoot?
Uh-huh. This airplane is so small that it won't fit all the luggage.
No smoking in the elevator, please.
That was fun.
I want to take a river cruise.
Of course. Walk in a straight line and turn right at the third corner. You'll find him on your right.
Please recommend a restaurant.
This is room number three twenty-five. The TV doesn't work.
I'd like two yards of this fabric, please.
Please pay for transportation to get there.
Which one do you prefer : Dog or cat?
I can take it.
Can you get me some ice, two cups, please?
I had a bottle of mineral water from the refrigerator.
Do you have color transparency film?
What's your flight number?
I have a heart condition.
Where is the sesame oil?
This is where a four-vehicle collision occurred the day before yesterday.
Sometimes I go golfing on weekends.
There are a few points I need to think about.
I want to make an appointment at 10:00 am.
Shut up . I'll make a call and schedule a story.
You know Kathy? It's her birthday.
Can you sit there?
Do you have a board with colors on it?
Can I pay with traveler's checks?
The speakers don't seem to be working properly.
What's playing at the movies tonight?
Can I get a new version of it?
Do you have a dark red with a pure silver background?
What is the age limit?
I'd like tomato juice, please.
Yeah, are you going to explain how to use these headphones?
How long are we allowed in?
But, hey, man, how do I know it's the real thing?
Do you know of any stores with Japanese salespeople?
Yes, sir. Some of the best people live here. People who tip taxi drivers, if you know what I mean, sir.
Second class one-way please.
I'm on Flight 5 to Seattle tomorrow.
We're a little late, but don't worry.
Make sure you fulfill all your promises.
Where can I apply to dive school?
Got another envelope?
No hair oil, thank you.
How many days?
I didn't want this.
I understand . It looks beautiful. But isn't the price a little high?
Can I buy them tax-free?
I don't have any coins for the coin box.
Did you know you didn't stop at the light?
I can't put the luggage under the seat. Can you hold it for me, please?
How much is the nightly rate?
I'm a size seven.
I'll arrive around ten o'clock tonight.
My number is one, two, three, nine zero five five.
You can put this suitcase in the trunk of your car.
Since I came all the way to Savile Row, I had to sew a suit.
Please charge the battery.
April 20th.
I want to change to an afternoon flight.
Clothes, bags, shoes, and things like that.
I'm out right now. So I'll take it.
She's an eight-year-old Japanese girl.
How are you? My father sends his regards.
Let's hurry up, or we'll be late.
Is it fragile or breakable?
Please send someone upstairs to pick up my bags at six-thirty.
I need a map of San Francisco and the surrounding area.
What kind of bread do you have?
Where is the elevator?
Can anyone play the piano?
I fear this project will fail.
Please teach me the steps.
About an hour and a half.
I'm sorry. I gave it to someone else staying in the same room.
Mary caught the train, but George didn't.
All work and no play makes Jack a boring boy.
Well, I'll think about it.
Which station will I get off at to go to the Empire State Building?
Express train tickets are only good for the train and seat you have reserved.
 Gokurusama for explaining all this to me.
I haven't had a bowel movement in three days.
Which rackets will I use for the next shot?
What are the most popular beaches for local kids?
They are all personalized items.
Yes, just one bottle of Coke.
The budget is less than a thousand dollars.
Prefer sweets .
Isn't it dangerous to eat them?
This is my claim card. Can you review it right away?
Uh, thanks. But I don't think I have time for a two-night stay. Can you book a room with two beds for me at that hotel for the night of March 12th only?
We also buy a lot of seafood from other countries.
Breakable objects.
Don't worry. We will announce it.
The way to Fisherman's Wharf, please.
Can you get me some tea and bread and butter? This is room two zero three four.
Can I book a room with two beds overlooking the ocean?
My psyche is craving a big beer.
It depends on whether you have something to show or not.
Yes, sir. Please put the phone down and I'll let you know when I made the call.
Desktop publishing is fairly common these days.
Would you be so kind as to turn this bill into smaller bills?
Manchester please.
I'm sorry. We don't do that.
I spilled something. Can you get me a napkin?
When was your last call?
How much is a ticket to White Plains on North Line?
Is it a half-day tour?
Please show me the schedule.
We haven't decided yet.
I want to wash my hands. Is there a room where I can wash my hands?
Do I need tickets?
There's something wrong with the car. Can you check it out?
Uh-huh. He knows we want clothes.
Long distance call please.
My friend tripped and twisted his ankle.
I'm sorry, but he's in a meeting right now.
I'm looking for a bank. Where's the closest one?
What kind of job?
Oh, shit. Where are we?
Good morning. How many of you are eating?
The card key was twisted. Would you give me another one, please?
I'm going to try some frozen drinks.
You have to check in ninety minutes before your departure time.
I left my coat in the hotel restroom.
Please turn this into a small coin.
Someone must have taken it by mistake.
Where is the beginner's course?
Do you have any different colors?
I want to return the radio I bought yesterday.
What line can I take.
Could you please get me a towel?
I'm getting on a second plane at Northwest. Number two, three, four. Where can I check in my luggage?
Can I change seats?
Seventy-five dollars. I'll call you when it's ready.
Can you inquire about it for Tokyo?
This is room number six zero one.
What a sight!
Please wake me up at six o'clock tomorrow morning.
It appears to be a high-quality piece.
Shall I take your belongings?
May I have my bill, please?
Is there a Thai restaurant nearby?
Facing the Thames, please.
Excuse me, will you take a picture of us?
Are there any diving spots nearby?
I want a grilled cheese sandwich with everything, fries and a strawberry drink.
Please send this package and pay cash on delivery.
It's right next to that high-rise building. So go back the way you came until the traffic light. Then turn left.
I'm so glad I've been eating Western-style meals since I left Tokyo.
I have to catch a flight to Los Angeles early tomorrow morning.
I want to telegraph this.
Please write your name, hotel and phone number on this sheet of paper.
Can I make an appointment for Friday?
Good morning. This is a wake-up call.
I made a call.
Please show me the way to the BA office.
Excuse me. Can you change this dollar? I want to make a call, but I don't have change.
Then I can confidently recommend the San Francisco City Tower. It gives you an idea of San Francisco.
From nine in the morning to nine at night.
Can you print my name and address on the letterhead?
I want to get insurance.
Here is my payment receipt.
Is a uniform required?
How much does a facial massage with algae mask cost?
Let's use a cold pack to relieve the pain.
I would like to cash the check.
How was the weather in Los Angeles?
She's right outside the door. Go to bus stop number three. This bus will take you to the Bayview Hotel.
With this software, users will be able to create a web page in less than ten minutes.
I fell and cut my knee.
Please, show me.
What does the painting refer to?
You want to buy a dress.
Why has Product A retained its large market share over the past five years?
How much is the taxi fare to this hotel?
Where is the bathroom?
All right. Head to the passport office.
Give me two dollars back.
When will you come?
Do you have the same thing in black?
What time does the last train leave?
Please drop me off at the next station.
Rental plates please.
Yes, we have three tennis courts behind this pavilion.
Does it cost me any money to enter this building?
Please, take me from the station.
Do it your way.
Where should I enter the class from?
Please, go to the fifth window.
Yes, sir. See you at seven o'clock.
There must be a math error. How much does it cost?
I would like an automatic car that is capable of high mileage.
Yes, yesterday was a little warmer.
It is against the law to wait on the sidewalk.
And do you sell stamps?
I need a prescription.
It's almost five o'clock.
The reaction to our previous model was generally good.
How about going to Hakone with me?
Anything you choose is fine.
Well, Ms. Suzuki, you have a reservation on Flight Two Thirteen, which leaves tomorrow at three o'clock. Please check in at two o'clock.
Can I have some change?
Maybe I left it at the front desk?
Absolutely. There's about three of them? We'll reserve them for you.
I can't see the screen very well from here.
Excuse me, but I want you to keep my passport.
All right. We made a reservation for you.
Invoice, please.
Would you like to have lunch together?
That's too bad. It was so nice to talk to you.
I can't find the right words.
The big difference is the sense of emptiness.
Do you have a discounted monthly stay?
Is this on the highway or in the city?
There was an armed robbery.
Are you staying for three nights as planned?
I'm looking for something elegant.
Can you call me later?
I would like to send a telegram.
When do I have to pay and leave?
Yes, for groups of ten or more, drinks are three dollars.
Here is your boarding pass. Please go to gate fourteen when the flight is called.
I cut one of my hands on a piece of glass.
Don't bother me.
It's very good.
I haven't picked up my luggage yet.
It's okay. It's hard to say. It depends on the traffic on the highway. You know the traffic is very heavy at this time of day.
Can you show me how to eat this?
I want roast pork.
We're out of gas.
The window is jammed.
May I try the next larger size?
Please fill out this form. Where will we take it after we retrieve it?
I met you when you visited our Tokyo office last year.
Which side of Union Square is it on?
Are you stopping at the Wani Hotel?
Can you explain to me how it works?
May I have a mussel and some rolled up loaves.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
How long does it take?
Half an ounce of Chanel number five, please.
Please, turn on the meter.
I've never seen a color as vibrant as this one.
Can I buy some stomach medicine?
I didn't ask for it.
Excuse me, where can I wash my hands?
How about some coffee?
Hello, I have lost my credit card. Please invalidate the old card and issue me a new one.
I would like to check my bags.
I'd like a round-trip ticket to Station X, please.
What is the room rate?
Please, follow him. He will shampoo your hair.
Can I get a plastic bag?
I have three bags.
Can I get your name and phone number?
I know that. The taste of Japanese sweets is somewhat different from ours.
Can you send a tow truck to 100 Minto Road?
Do I need a ticket?
This is my family.
Is there an issue with moving to another seat?
How long will it take?
Of course. I'm going near the post office anyway.
It's okay. That's too bad. Now, how about this one that suggests a simple operation? Just put the film cartridge in here and press the locking door.
Can you arrange for me to sit together with my wife?
The hot water burned my hands.
I would like to send a telegram.
This is because decisions are made collectively.
Go down these stairs and follow the signs.
Do you have some local beer?
Can you pull over here?
If you buy two, how much will each one cost you?
Yes. This one.
Where can I get a ride to Grindelwald?
Room with bathroom and shower.
I'm looking for an umbrella.
International phone call please.
Twenty-eight dollars? How about fifteen dollars?
Would you like some tea?
God bless you.
I'd like a table by the window, please.
How much does the service cost approximately?
Do you accept traveler's checks here?
How long does it take from here?
Cream and sugar?
The person in charge is not here right now. He will be there as soon as he returns.
Key, please. Room eleven-sixteen.
Are there any discounts for participating members?
I would like a simple camera please.
Is that original?
Would you mind pulling my lunges from behind?
I want you to take an X-ray.
Do you know of another place nearby that accepts Japanese Yen?
Why are these boxer shorts so expensive?
The battery is dead. Can I borrow your receipt?
Stomach medicine, please.
I received a bottle of juice but I didn't get any change.
I love folk music.
Can I see one of those on display?
Is there a high-speed train at 9:30?
Let me check the brake fluid and the engine. It looks like your engine is about to stall.
It wasn't my fault.
Hello Samaritan Real Estate.
Do you have fresh fruit?
I'll eat what's left for tonight.
Where's the dining room?
About three and a half million yen.
Send it by registered mail, please.
Do you keep some painkillers in his hotel?
Well, can I take a shower today?
The other end of the line.
Give me nine tens, five one, four one and change.
The Japanese like to work in groups.
Let's meet today.
What time is it in Tokyo?
We have to understand it.
I would like to buy cards please.
I'm looking for affordable souvenirs.
Battery Park please, but can you stop at Union Square? I'd like to pick up my friend there.
We'll get it back to you soon.
I'm sorry, I can't. I can only stop at the hotels on this list.
I appreciate that, but .
No electricity .
I will report it to the police.
What kind of room do you want?
To the right or to the left?
Give me a dollar.
What's the gate number?
Will each of us be charged individually for our drinks?
Signature, please.
Is this pier six?
It's a bit edgy, but I think you'll like it.
anywhere from thirty to fifty dollars a night.
I would like a glass of cold water.
Please, fix this.
Is heading to Soho dangerous?
A ticket to Detroit, please.
When it comes to music, no one can beat Forty-Two Street. The theater is so packed every day that no one can get a single ticket. That's a rare case in the history of music, I guess.
Can you download my bags, please?
On New Year's Day. On special occasions such as weddings, award ceremonies, and funerals.
More mustard, please.
I appreciate it, but it's hard for me to carry my bags. Would you be so kind as to keep them?
We are interested in archaeology.
Can you get me a glass of water?
Call the police.
It's coming.
Shoulder length, please.
May I see the program and price list?
Of course. I'll give you our business card.
Do you have any other forms?
Your boarding gate number seventeen.
April 29th is the birthday of Emperor Showa, the father of the current emperor. People celebrate this day under the name Green Feast (Day).
Why don't you give her a gift?
How much does it cost to send a postcard to Japan by airmail?
Will you take me with you to the disco?
Yes, it's Memorial Tower: One of the most famous buildings in the city.
Do you have movies?
Excuse me. Is this the right way to First National Bank?
I would like to use a safety box.
He started a quarrel.
Do you offer any special discounts?
I have twenty years of experience in this field.
Which movie would you recommend?
I'm staying at the Hilton Seaside. You know, I need that bag. It has all my clothes in it.
Here's twenty dollars and give me change for two dollars, please.
You implicitly criticized me.
Take that exit over there and turn right, please.
I'm sorry. I dialed the wrong number.
Do you know how to reach him?
The line is busy.
Where is the razor outlet?
I can be there at two o'clock.
Can I see another?
Where is the ladder?
All right. Are you carrying any plants or food?
Are these the flight bags of Gal Zero One?
She certainly is. Hey, hey, hey. Let's go to the beach.
This is my first trip to Paris.
Can you estimate the cost before you start working on it?
Is this in the same direction as the building?
It looks flashy .
I'm Katsuhiko Nakanuma. Any messages for me?
Anyway, may I book the same flight because there is room for you.
Is it possible to change my reservation now?
Come on, please.
Name Suzuki .
My name is Yusuke Tanaka, and I am now calling from the airport.
Is it ripe?
Our camping trip should be fun.
When do we get on the boat?
I mean no harm.
Where is the lobby?
One of my bags was damaged. Where do I go to seek compensation?
It's very loud.
Can you drop off our bags, please?
We don't have a bag for this amount, so I'm going to put it in this big plastic bag.
I want to play tennis.
There is pineapple, orange and tomato juice.
The left side of these floors is next to the elevator.
Please bring me a bottle of beer. And preferably a draught beer.
Ah. That reminds me, there's an excellent café nearby that plays beautiful classical music.
I want my car.
What's playing in the concert hall today?
Absolutely. Can I have your cell phone number, I might need it?
No, no. In fact, due to rising prices, I have to live in a house in Queens that requires a two-hour train ride.
I think we are. Now, there's only one point of discussion. And that is how many months' notice each party must give to the other in the event of termination.
I need two tickets for this Saturday afternoon.
Kind of overcooked.
Is it a romance novel?
I play for fun and use it in my work as well.
What time does the bus to Oxford leave?
I'd like the United Airlines number, please.
I'm sorry I kept you waiting. Your room number is ninety-nine-nine. Here's the key.
Delicious wine. Is it locally made?
Of course. Do you have a specific color in mind?
I feel dizzy .
Where's the rest of the luggage?
How about another movie?
May I see your passport and ticket?
Want some toilet paper?
Japanese people don't change jobs very often.
Please exchange the travelers' check for cash.
I'm calling Tokyo three seven six five four three three two one.
Is it possible to get an appointment tomorrow?
This is an ancient stone with ancient letters written on it.
Which flight will I take next?
It takes off at twenty-eight-five in the morning from San Francisco Airport.
This is your room, sir. Where do I put your bags?
Please, I want to take the same course tomorrow.
Excuse me, I think you're in my seat. What's your seat number?
Can you put your bags on the table, please?
We consider Washington, D.C., the center of global politics.
All right. I'll tell her to fill in the blanks.
The name is Okada. We have a reservation at seven o'clock.
Me?
Where do you plan to stay in Los Angeles?
In the metro .
And then, environmental pollution will be reduced too, right?
What's the bus number?
It doesn't matter .
Unfortunately, our engineer Mr. Akiyama had to leave early to attend another meeting.
Do you have a rental or transportation service?
I may give you a better answer than that after a couple of shows.
I want an anniversary gift.
There is no soap in the bathroom.
I would prefer it to be automatic.
Six ten-dollar bills, eight one-dollar bills, and the rest in quarters.
Take the bus from outside.
It's yours.
I want white bread, please.
Where's the restroom?
What musicals are currently playing?
Thank you for what you did today.
Do you have a public phone?
He'll be there in a minute.
About one thousand five hundred Australian dollars and fifty thousand yen.
Is there a doctor here?
Is it okay for me to take a flight like that?
My reservation number is twenty-six seventy-nine.
Do you have a mirror?
I want to take the next flight to Boston.
Excuse me, but I've lost my way. Can you help me?
I'll take this, please.
This is the flat-rate menu, please.
And it is. Please stay here. I'll go get a taxi.
Please give me a chocolate chip cookie.
I'm in my early thirties.
I want to buy lipstick. I want pink.
This didn't cause any issues at all.
Wait here until I get back.
Please tell Mr. Thomas that I'm staying at the Hilton.
Where are the closest flea markets?
You can't bring fireworks into Canada.
Uh, no. You have to buy a souvenir from that vending machine.
What a great cook your wife is.
Do you need any help?
Is this the new cycle?
Can you call me a taxi for six o'clock tomorrow morning, please?
What do you prefer with your main course.
Excuse me, but I feel sick.
I would like to emphasize the price.
If I want to make an international call from my room, will there be an additional charge?
I think so .
I would like to call this number. Can you help me?
Can you tell me about the bus or train to the city center?
I would like to make an international call to Japan, please.
Do I need a jacket? What about a tie?
I need you to do me a favor.
It's in the basket near the toaster.
I have to drink anything with alcohol in it.
I'm preparing for my college entrance exams.
Cream and sugar, please.
It's cold, isn't it?
Can you recommend some interesting places to hike in this city?
There is a gambling parlor in this city.
I'm hungry.
Here's your bill. Cash or credit card?
Would you like a whiskey with soda and brandy, please?
How much is the delivery fee?
Is there a boutique nearby?
I can't swim. I need a life vest.
Two hot dogs to keep me going.
It is necessary to leave.
This place is pretty crowded, isn't it?
I came to get it now.
Turn right at the corner.
Well, senior year is your fourth year in college after freshman, sophomore and junior year.
I need a tutor.
Freeze .
Excuse me. It will be ready in five minutes.
When can I come to see him?
Do you have a wine list?
My foot hurts.
My favorite. This one, please.
They also have a huge collection of Shakespeare plays, right?
When is the World Cup?
I'm glad you're here.
Garson, please.
I would like to book a pontoon boat.
Do you have any ideas on how to style my hair?
Do you have a map of this area?
Have you experienced neck pain while sleeping?
Do you want a small, medium or large plate of fried foods.
Where are the most vibrant areas of the carnival?
Is there a mailbox nearby?
Yes, no problem. Can I see your passport?
Oh, that's very kind of you. Can I open it?
Go up the ramp. You will come to a three-junction road. Then turn left.
Can I see the detailed statement?
I'd like a thirty-six picture movie, please.
They will tell you which bus you should take.
I'm sure. This way, please.
I'll have Linguine pasta.
Make it a collect call.
I rarely speak. But speaking and understanding are two different things. For example, I know the word "foreigner," but I can't tell which line is for foreigners.
Well, you only have one ticket for adults.
Take one tablet with a glass of water.
How's your family?
Well, you get one hundred and sixty dollars.
I don't have any money.
Where are the children's books?
There is no phone booth near here.
Well, about a fifteen-minute walk.
Can you pick me up at the Boston station?
Yes, she's here. Who's speaking, please?
When do I have to be at the station?
There are many restaurants nearby.
What is the temperature now?
My pocket was punctured.
A lot of it is work and a little bit of it is hiking.
Do you have a car wash?
Next to the filing cabinet.
Put your money where your mouth is.
Please register my name.
Where should I put this?
Can you point me to some interesting places to visit?
It's a pleasure to talk to you.
This is Carol Brown speaking. Can I talk to Susan?
Is there an afternoon tour?
First, take the Chu line. And where do I have to change trains?
I'm past the station. What do I do?
When is the plane leaving?
I'm with my friends.
Do you have a room with a great view?
Can you tell me how to get to the post office?
I enjoyed my stay. Thank you.
The beach is on the bottom right. What a great view.
I need binoculars.
Please take a picture of the building from the back.
Thank you for waiting, Mr. McGuire. Here you go. Please go ahead.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
Do you have any photo ID?
I think a large box would have a fairly high price tag.
Good afternoon, I would like to apply for a visa to enter your country.
It's very loose.
Air mail? Let's see, that'll probably cost a hundred and eighty bucks.
Seven, please.
I'm in a lot of pain.
I want to send this to the dry cleaners. When will it be ready?
Hi, long time no see.
Can I come in?
I have tourism insurance.
Mostly Europe.
Is the American bullet train any good?
Did you pay your hotel bill?
The toilet seems to be clogged.
I would like to deposit this into my account.
I took off my pants.
Does this include meals?
Sit down, please.
I leave on Friday the 29th and return on Sunday.
What time is it in Japan?
Interesting .
If you want a one-day service, a fifty percent surcharge will be added to your bill. Is that okay?
Yes. Someone else's luggage was just moved into my room. Please, can you check it out?
We'll take the middle three seats in this row.
Do you have any suggestions?
I hear you.
We don't have them in stock, we can order them for you.
Can I see this one, please?
Place them in one of the large bags in the dressing room. Please make a cleaning request for the items you would like to have cleaned.
Can you elaborate?
I work in television.
Can I start the journey with this ticket?
Which one lasts longer?
How much did you pay for it?
I'm lucky to know you.
Did you get a good night's sleep?
There's a Mickey Mouse sticker on it.
Can I see anything else?
This is great.
Can you press the shutter button?
We want a room overlooking the beach.
Uh, okay. I don't know what to say.
Are there any other flights available today? I have to be in Los Angeles this evening.
Two keys, please?
I need a lamp.
I don't think that's impossible. We know this is important, and we will be ready to discuss it as soon as we have a reasonable marketing plan.
At the end of the corridor.
What region of Canada are you from?
It's too hot today. Let's go swimming, shall we?
Large and prominent pores.
I want to fix my watch.
Are there any buses heading into town after the game?
I would like to add this to my room drawings.
No, I didn't go to New York.
Can you get me a bottle of Sprite?
I have a hard time losing my friend's features on the road.
Please, would you give me ten dollar bills for these ten.
I left the camera in the room.
Want to get a camera case?
Will you share a snack with me?
When does the movie start?
I would like to have some letterhead.
Raise your hands .
May I have a copy of the police report, please?
I think you should go on a diet. You're not getting enough exercise these days, are you?
Oh, we'd love to. Thank you for inviting us.
Can I put my luggage here?
A little further away from the neck.
Can we leave our luggage with you while we go shopping?
Yes, it may rain this afternoon.
You are in the corporate tax law department.
Are we going by bus?
Is there also a snack section?
Did you say you're leaving for Tokyo tomorrow?
Absolutely. It's from California and fresh, after all. And since we sell in bargains, it's a bargain if you buy them today. They're only a dollar and fifty cents each.
Let me sleep until nine.
Medium length, please.
How to use it?
It's right there on the right side.
I have to switch to an air-conditioned carriage, one zero zero zero. Is that possible?
I want to go scuba diving with a scuba instructor.
Would you please change my room for me?
Let me review. What if the departure is at 47?
Could you please connect me to the internal number three zero three.
How is the game with you these days?
I feel tightness in my chest.
Where is the bus stop that goes to Santa Monica?
This is a souvenir that I will take with me to Japan.
My aunt is a bit listless and eccentric.
Can you help me, please?
I feel a pain in my stomach.
Where can I buy a national costume?
Where is the lost luggage section?
Do you have any shirts?
No problem. If you come on September 5th, you will be able to enjoy a science movie because we have a special open day on the first Friday of every month.
Do you have any other tours?
Can I get a good bar? Please.
I'll have a sirloin steak and a roast lamb for my wife.
It's acute pain from appendicitis with a ruptured appendix. You should go to the hospital immediately.
Full coverage, please.
All right. Five percent off. Does he agree with you?
Now, what are we making for dinner tonight?
I'll think about it.
Do you accept traveler's checks?
This must be yours. The taxi driver left it this morning.
I'm going to Paris.
Do you have one of those?
It's not the latest model, is it?
This is the mall just completed.
I can pay three hundred dollars a month.
It is scheduled for 8:30 p.m. local time.
Can you tow my car to the next gas station?
I want to cool the affected area with ice packs.
When are your seats available?
No, I will call to answer it.
I want a car.
Have you had any previous cases of allergies?
There is a ferry to Liberty Island from Battery Park.
Is there a coat check?
Help me. I can't move.
Non-smoking cart, please.
Please write down your permanent address.
We are ready to fulfill any requests you may have immediately.
I won't eat the meal.
I want to buy what I need. Will you pay me back?
Are there any supermarkets nearby?
The person at the front desk is very rude.
A less expensive hotel is best if it is in a safe area.
Show this building with us, please.
Uh, okay. I want a medium-sized bowl and rice balls.
I have two bottles of cognac.
How's that sound?
On the first date, the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki hold commemoration ceremonies, while on the second date the current emperor attends a prayer service for the war dead.
I'm sorry, what should I write here?
It's on the 12th floor. Take the elevator with me, please.
Can you give me the prescription for that?
Is there any other option?
Please ask the porter.
I have a flu.
Does it have a bathroom?
There it is, uh, it's on the other side of town, a few blocks past Mile. On the east end of town.
Okay, you're all set. Now your new flight number is Zero Zero Three, departing on June 17th.
I want to go through the tax exemption process.
What would you like for lunch, beef, chicken or fish?
I had my wallet stolen on the subway.
I want to see the one in the display window, please.
Let me read it number by number, one, zero, one, zero, comma, seven, nine, four.
Business class, non-smoking seat, please.
Does this bus go downtown?
He no longer resides here.
Don't you have a cheaper room?
It's a good place for snacks, right?
Where is the socket to use my electric hair dryer.
My old car is not very good at running.
I'd like some grapes.
Let's call all the people involved in this agreement immediately.
I am flexible. What would you like to have?
Impossible . We're on vacation. I refuse to sit in a hotel room and watch baseball on TV. I want to go see a play.
What to do .
Nurse, come quickly.
There is no towel.
As long as we can arrive an hour early, I don't mind paying a little more.
The surplus is decreasing.
You dialed the wrong number.
I want something that doesn't make me tired.
Can I touch?
I'd like to try something a little smaller.
Oh, how kind and considerate of you. May I open it right away?
Where is the bus stop?
I can give you a Chevy Spectrum for forty-two dollars a week, unlimited mileage.
Dry battery for this camera, kindly.
Please, connect me to this address.
Can you break this twenty-dollar bill into twenty one-dollar bills?
I need to find a hotel. Where's the information desk?
Can you come here and fix it?
I reserved seats by the window.
Room service please.
Turn right, and you'll find one about a mile ahead.
I want some synthetic fiber.
My name is Taro Tanaka. I have a reservation.
I made a reservation from August twenty-fourth to twenty-seventh. Can I change my reservation from August 25th to August 27th?
Oh, thanks. I don't think I can. Can I go back?
About five hundred francs or one hundred US dollars.
I need some cleaning cream.
What other varieties?
Give me some tobacco.
It's south.
There is a beautiful building.
I want a long-sleeved robe.
Please put it on my credit card account with the number two eight eight seven three five nine eight four and an expiration date of May one thousand nine hundred and ninety-five.
I'd like a room with as much beauty as possible, please.
Please, one cylinder of a black and white movie twenty pictures.
I would like a lens cap please.
My bag was stolen.
Can you speak a little slower, please?
Please, I want it to look like Kmeg Ryan.
Please, I almost want a five-pound note.
Can you hold my luggage until five o'clock?
Where should I get permission from?
We've crossed paths a few times, haven't we?
We conducted a comprehensive survey of customer needs.
Why don't we meet for lunch tomorrow?
I'd like some sportswear, please.
Where is the Greyhound office?
I can't find my luggage?
It's already 8 p.m., so why is it still lit up outside like this?
Isn't there somewhere less expensive?
Would you like to cancel your insurance?
Can you hold my luggage for me until departure?
Excuse me, sir! Can you tell me the nearest bank?
What floor?
Thank you very much.
Can I take another look at the menu?
Where can I get the train schedule?
Excuse me, can you tell me when the train leaves Boston?
Can you give me a discount?
They still show signs of illness and a pale face.
Since you're based in New York, you shouldn't miss out on seeing some great areas and monuments, such as the Statue of Liberty on Liberty Island.
Which do you prefer : Air or sea?
Did you cash out a hundred-dollar bill?
This is Central Park, isn't it?
I'm calling the bartender.
We can set it up for you at 3 p.m. If you need to rent some equipment, please come to the clubhouse at quarter to three.
The bus fare is one hundred and eighty yen.
I was hit by a car and fell to the ground.
My breakfast isn't ready yet, please bring it to me now.
Where can I have breakfast and when is it served?
Yesterday I went to Notre Dame Cathedral, and today I'm going to the Louvre.
Would you mind passing me the pepper, please?
Thank you so much for your help during my trip to the United States.
Where is the luggage area?
Can you keep this luggage until four?
I want to have it repaired after I return to Japan.
Do you have a sewing kit?
How many are there?
Strawberry, please.
I'm from the Netherlands.
A light bulb burned out.
The summit of Mount Fuji is the highest mountain peak in Japan with a height of three thousand seven hundred and sixty meters.
No, not yet, there's a lot to choose from.
I have an upset stomach.
I want a night cream for my skin.
I am a farmer.
There's only a driver in a bus, no followers.
I would like to iron this dress.
Excuse me, could you move your seat a little closer?
Great day, isn't it?
It's between a bakery and a butcher shop.
Hand it over. Is that all you got?
I understand, please fill out this form first and tell me about the color, size and contents of your wallet.
Do you have a street map?
Please send this via sea mail to Japan.
Come here!
Can you shorten the sleeves?
I'm afraid there are no golf courses here.
Can I get a postcard?
This morning I took a cold medicine that I had bought in Japan.
Can you show me the second ring on the left?
I would like to reserve a seat.
Don't you ask him to call me?
How long will it take to get from here to the Tower of London?
Which gate leads to airplane number twelve to Washington?
Can I cook for myself?
Excuse me, could you please wear your ties?
When can I wake up?
Can you open the trunk? I'd like to put my purse in there.
I tried to make an international call, has that ever worked for you before?
How much does it cost for one hour?
Can I have a couple of gift boxes?
I'm looking for a non-stick cooking pan.
What are the contents of this package?
Looks like the baseball game has been postponed?
This is wrong .
Do you have this in blue?
I don't know this building, but this is definitely the right way to Oyahama County.
Can I buy some from here?
Can you take me to Mr. Murray's room?
I'd like a seat on United Flight 922 to New York City.
When is the next show?
How much do my phone calls cost?
with a discounted ticket to Dover?
It says : Do not pass .
Do you have a smaller one?
Please file a missing persons report.
A wallet and a camera.
I'm from Japan.
Yes, it is, because you can see the flag in front of the post office.
I don't think so, it's better to take a bus.
I'll look, I'm afraid I won't find your name.
Excuse me, is Hormuz Street nearby?
Can you do me a favor right now?
I think something is wrong, can you arrange for us to stay?
It's Visa and its number: four nine zero eight one five one two three three six six seven seven six zero zero four.
Can you turn these negatives into images?
Should I bring a coat with me?
It's not far, it's a ten-minute walk.
Surely you'll send them, won't you?
Which do you prefer more: Coffee or tea?
How much would it cost to go there?
I would like to make a phone call using a credit card.
Where should I put these travel belongings?
Is there a swimming pool here?
May I take this envelope?
Sure thing. It's Rockhead. You like that?
I want what's mine to leave.
It takes some time to prepare, but it's one of our most popular products.
It will take approximately two or three days.
Can you tell me how to get to San Francisco?
Can I have some other earbuds, because this one doesn't work as well?
How about some coffee or something?
I'm heading to Mexico.
That sounds good with one exception.
Eggs, please.
Just a glass of water, please.
When it arrives, we will pay for shipping to your home address.
These days, I use a computer permanently at work.
Continental breakfast, please.
Are there any discounts for students?
Oh! OK, I get it, I'll come to your place.
I would like a powerful light bulb, please.
The number you have dialed is not in service.
And what is your obstacle?
Oh! Take it by all means, great. Now I'm setting up the window.
When will the plane arrive in Rome?
No, that's enough.
We need more time to decide.
Can I have a blanket and a pillow?
Can you come here as soon as you can, please?
A cup of coffee, please.
I ordered a small meal for the baby.
Find cards with scenes that reflect the nature of the Hawaiian Islands.
on 72nd Street.
If you pass here, you'll be out of the corridor.
Can you narrow your midsection a couple of centimeters?
Over, please.
I'll check the next room, maybe there are some Japanese who speak English.
Charge it to my credit card, please, MasterCard.
Next please. Your passport, landing card and customs receipt, please.
Can I go on foot?
I'll be right back.
Yes, Terayama, and I would like my seat to be as close as possible to the stage, please.
Can you think of what I should say to him?
Is there a bathroom nearby?
I'm the same age.
It was a great evening, thank you.
May I move to another vacant seat? I can't see the projection screen very well from my seat.
A fire alarm has been triggered.
I would love to join the hiking trip to San Francisco Bay.
Do you have any idea where you're going?
Can't you get me some coffee?
No, pay the driver.
What are the store hours?
We want a table in the corner.
I'm not sure, but I can't resist the smell of meat, all I'm asking for is some pickles.
Three hundred and fifty dollars? That's out of my budget.
I think there is an extra added error.
I would like to go skiing for about a week. Do you have any offers for skiing?
They're playing two Mozart symphonies.
We'll keep looking, and when we find it, we'll let you know.
Really, the weather is great today.
Please, two adults and two children under the age of twelve.
Please explain until I am convinced.
I'd like a DVD of these cameras, please.
We don't have national holidays associated with religions.
How much luggage can I carry?
Do we need to put this to a vote? If we don't need to, then I can think that we have reached a conclusion, which I will send to our board tomorrow morning.
However, it doesn't work.
Please, can I see this bag?
Wu, lucky me. This hasn't been practiced in Japan yet.
I paid three hundred and twenty dollars on the open market.
Can you reach that pen under the chair?
I'll pay on behalf of my friends, too.
Do you know if there are any cheap hotels?
It took me five years to get here.
What is the value of the Japanese yen against the US dollar?
Can you get me half a pound of shrimp salad?
Is there a cafe or restaurant in the building?
Oh, the price is too high.
The bullet train is on platform eight.
I'm in a hurry right now.
Shit.
Suzuki speaks .
There's a change in where I put my watch while I was outside.
How long does the bus ride take?
And it is. We've reserved a hotel room for you.
Drainage is clogged by waste.
Yes, I think I have to leave now.
Hey, I'm on my way, let's meet in about fifteen minutes.
Good morning. Did you get a good night's sleep?
Have you already made a reservation?
What do you plan to do after school?
My purse was stolen on the street.
Did you have any other services besides breakfast this morning?
I'm going on a short trip to Mexico.
What floor are the ladies' clothes on?
Can you give me a ticket to change buses?
The ropes are worn out.
Why is the service so slow?
Look down there.
There are so many of them that I don't know which one to choose.
How do I make a phone call?
I'm interested in jeans and suits.
We have different sizes.
I got the wrong bus. Can I get a ticket to change buses?
I don't know.
How can I take the bus to Beverly Hills?
Let's meet in my room.
Do you have any residential real estate?
What other companies are doing well?
Speak and walk .
Are there any sightseeing buses?
Please exclude abalone from our order. It's too expensive.
So, I'll pay you three hundred dollars in traveler's checks.
Fells burst into tears upon hearing the news.
Please, I would like a cup of white coffee.
I will be visiting New York, Chicago, New Orleans, and Los Angeles.
Where is the pharmacy?
It is. Is the Sheraton Hotel nearby?
I hope you're not too tired.
Show me the boarding pass.
Please, don't pull my foot.
Oh, I'm not sure I agree with that line of thinking.
Hot water only.
That would be good. May I see it, please?
I'd like some Sudanese, please.
You will leave on April 20th, and return on April 21st. Is that right?
Would you change US dollars for British pounds?
Which do you prefer, meat or chicken?
I would like to have Chinese food for dinner.
Can you recommend a good hotel?
I want to rent a car of this model for two days.
Waiter, could you bring me the bill, please?
We would like you to come see us again, please.
I have a slight fever. Do you have anything good to treat it?
I'll take a picture of Jack Daniels.
I'd like a bag of popcorn, please.
One ticket for Bird, please.
It really does. They look like full-grown natural trees. People enjoy the scenery.
I'll introduce you to my family doctor.
I've never been to a place as beautiful as Boston.
I left something inside the room. Can I go back and check it out?
Can I pay with traveler's checks?
I dropped one of my ski poles.
I can't believe smoking is banned in the passenger lounge. What a bummer.
I want to rent a small car.
This room is very cold.
Can I get a map of the cliffs?
We don't bring any gifts to the party, instead guests bring cash.
You could step over here to the display cabinet.
I would like to send it by mail.
Can you tell me where to change money?
I'll buy it if you lower the price a bit more.
I put a lot of salt in it.
You are my angel. Thank you so much.
To fifty dollars?
The dining room is on the first floor and is open at 5:30 p.m.
Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to the Fairmont Hotel?
How many bottles of milk do you buy per week?
Is this taxi available?
What is the international calling number in America?
Can you explain it again?
What are the bank's working hours?
Can you reschedule my flight from London to Tokyo?
We need three more dollars.
Where, lost and found, please.
We like to have fun with a unique sport on the West Coast.
The plane arrived late due to heavy snow.
Just can I pay the difference with the ticket I have?
Yes, I am. Why do you ask?
Registered mail, please.
The main food in Japan is rice.
We need to cut the budget.
Yes, I want a bottle of red wine.
Oh, no. That's it. Is that all you got? It is.
We want a table near the window.
to go to the conference.
This is room number eleven zero two. Can you get me some beer?
Oh, that's nice. I'll try this .
Yes, of course there are interesting restaurants. Some people eat on wheelbarrows, others have lunch at the office. Basically, we don't spend a lot of time eating lunch.
Let's move on to the next topic.
Undercooked food at lunch is likely to be unappealing.
Could you please give her some airsickness medication?
I am not able to explain my condition in English.
The bill, please?
Just for fun.
Can you please take a message?
Did you use the refrigerator?
Can I get my luggage back?
There's blood in my stool.
I'm sorry, but I can't go with you.
I'd like you to join us, if you don't mind.
Can I help you, ma'am?
Yes, in the dining room and barbecue area.
My name is Yukio Oke, flight number one two five to Narita on August fourteenth.
I would like a souvenir for my son.
They must be really rich no matter how they look. Yet they are arguing about the price.
Sorry, I can't follow you. Could you please speak more slowly.
Two dollars for a pound, is it?
Ichiro Suzuki . N-O-Z-C-K-Y.
Can someone else help you with this?
Yes, before you leave, can you tell me about your impressions of Japan?
Uh, excuse me. Can you tell me when my photos will be ready?
I have Marvin Dorfler on the line. Shall I put him on the phone?
What can I show you?
I gave you a hundred-dollar bill.
What do you think about this issue, George? Can you expand on the point in front of the class?
In this case, you don't have to fill one out.
Is it okay to unbuckle my seat belt?
I'm from Colorado. What region of Japan are you from?
Of course it is. We were very busy yesterday, but the place is empty today. When is your plane leaving?
Can I take some pictures?
I paid cash on the spot.
Please call the manager.
Where will we meet?
Say it again, please.
I want a card game.
How much is the telegram tariff to Japan?
from a hundred .
My roommate had an asthma attack.
Shall I make dinner? I'm starving. Will you set the table?
Will you write me a certificate of theft?
Please place it in this brown paper bag.
I'm not able to decide.
It's been bothering me since I came here.
How do I do it?
I lost my wallet and my room key on the beach.
Flight number HP-89 to Tokyo on March eleventh.
Can I get another dish like this?
Are you here for your honeymoon?
Let's go. Will you put a fork in the bag?
Can we camp on your land?
If something happens, please get in touch with me.
Do you have another one?
Dark paint, please.
Please bring breakfast to my room at seven o'clock tomorrow morning.
How often do they occur?
I would like to send this letter by registered mail.
I will arrive thirty minutes late. Please delay my check-in.
I'd like it in slippers and heels, please.
Uh, excuse me. Could you show me the way to the railroad station, please?
Don't you think I'd need proof?
Can I get to the concert hall at six o'clock?
Sorry, but we're going to have to keep it.
I'm looking for an eyelid shade.
Do I have to order breakfast right away?
The maintenance man will be coming up right away.
Sorry, I'll come back later.
I already paid when I bought my ticket.
Yes, you can. Take it easy.
When will your duty-free sales start?
Sorry to keep you waiting. I'll go up to your room with you.
It's one dollar and you have to have the correct change.
Your room is on the third floor, number three fifty-seven.
There is no running hot water.
I would like an English-Japanese dictionary.
Hey, I have a reservation.
Please, show me your luggage.
Bring it urgently. Please, I'm in a hurry.
But where? Don't you know any barbershops around here?
Check this out in the final destination, please.
Change these to coins, please.
I have a box of cigarettes.
Do I need to advertise this?
How to ride it?
Are the cookbooks on the second floor too?
There is a regular boat service from Kobe to ports in Shikoku and Kyushu.
Please change this.
Are there any openings for the Thursday flight?
Could you please explain this in more detail?
When it's dry, remove it from your face.
How long will it take to cut my hair?
I'd like an address book, please.
I want to get my money back.
Uh, excuse me. May I come through?
I'd like to sit down now.
About an hour after takeoff. We start the in-flight meal service.
I have a first class reservation on flight number one-one-three from Los Angeles to New York on October twenty-fifth.
This offer is valid for fourteen days, so you can use it until the twenty-third.
It is not polite to make a sound while chewing your food.
I spilled the soup.
I came to study at a language school.
No, excuse me.
How much does a trip to the Art Museum cost by taxi?
I'm a little early. Is everything okay?
Do you have any plants or fruits?
Yes, you can see it clearly, because it's clear today.
Please tell me how to fill out the landing card?
Can I reserve a tennis court here?
Is there a beauty parlor here?
Which bus should I take to the Skyway Hotel?
Can you then show me a major credit card and your driver's license?
No, I don't have that much money.
I think my car is worth about five thousand dollars.
Yes, I'll buy champagne with an appetizer.
Isn't there a public phone booth anywhere around here?
Take this after each meal three times a day.
There's a new pizza place around the corner that I'd like to try.
Can you look up Anne of Green Gables for me in a folder?
Well, don't get upset. We have a nurse who understands Japanese.
Is this food low in calories?
I don't like it.
Mr. Albert has been a great help to me.
It's rayon, so it can be washed.
I caught a cold.
Please, explain in simpler words.
Which bus should I take to the station?
I'd like to change my order, if possible.
Let me ask if one of our other stores has this in stock.
Yes, that's him. But you'll have to turn left at the third traffic light and continue on that street until you reach Route 66.
Where can I find a limousine?
I would like to file a police report.
Six nights starting July 23rd. Is that okay?
At what time does the tide peak?
My bags are too heavy. Can you help me?
Can I leave it in Seattle?
I'd like a glass of water to take some medicine, please.
Show me another one, please.
May I ask for a pillow?
I want to go fishing. Is there a good location near here?
to conduct research in American history at Harvard University.
It's better not to buy big things?
Can you get me some peppers, please?
Beautiful weather, isn't it?
How do I buy tickets to a Broadway show?
Where can I find my luggage?
I'm looking for a scarf for my mom. She's sixty years old.
I would be very grateful if you would take me to the beach.
I'll take six percent of the price.
Do you work here?
I would like to pay for the call.
How do I notify the driver if I want to get off the bus?
I'm sorry. You've dialed the wrong number. This is the Tankyusha Press Agency.
Can I book two double rooms instead of one double room?
The total price is five dollars and thirty cents.
I'm transferring to Los Angeles. Are you arriving on time?
Dial one, two, three.
We will pay the bill and leave.
May I have a glass of water?
It takes about thirty minutes.
Which way to Mr. Mason's office?
One hundred dollars in cash with my credit card.
How much does each one cost?
Currency markets are unstable.
I plan to drive around Provence tomorrow.
I want to rent a boat for one day.
It's about forty feet to the bottom.
It looks like it's half-grown.
I'll pay cash, but let me read it, please. What's the fee for?
Is it candy .
What? We just finished a meal and now they're making a second one.
I'll take at least ninety-nine hours.
Sometimes he makes a short visit to Yerana.
Where is the mirror?
How do I open the hood of my car?
I left something in the closet.
I'd like a liverwurst, please.
Use a public vending machine.
Haircut and shampoo, please.
I want to rent some clubs.
How many hours do we have left before we start?
You have been confirmed again.
Please take this to the taxi stand.
What is the total percentage of all applicable taxes?
It's been a long time since I've seen you.
Golf course reservation, please.
I'll put up with some inconvenience.
Please put some bright colors in my hair.
What kind of music is this?
Can you give me a ride?
We have a nurse who understands Japanese.
Do you have medicine for a runny nose?
Can you take me to the hospital?
No, I have nothing to say.
Here's fifty dollars if you're in trouble.
The main dining room will open at eight o'clock and close at ten.
Can we write two checks?
Please give your child this medicine in syrup, one dose after each meal.
This model is available in sizes twenty-eight, thirty-one and thirty-five centimeters.
How do you feel? It's made in Switzerland and it's fashionable here.
What kind of batteries do you use?
I'd like a children's book, please.
I'm sorry, but I want to cancel the reservation.
Sorry, I don't like it.
What is there to see in this part of the city?
Books and brochures .
Ladder .
Skip a couple of blocks. It's right there in the corner.
Where's the popular disco?
This hilltop hotel has a beautiful view of the city, doesn't it?
How much should I spend?
I would love to watch a pro baseball game.
Please, call me an ambulance.
Oh, it looks like a pumpkin.
Well, I must have missed it. Thanks for the review.
This is my business card. I'm in charge of importing furniture from Japan.
My coworker, Mr. Takemi, suggested I invite you. He's one of your patients.
I have another engagement that day.
How to return?
See you on Monday.
Do you have this in green?
I'm new here.
I miss my wine.
I'm an insurance agent.
What kind of appetizer do you eat?
Of course .
Some unavoidable work appeared.
The terms of the contract are clear, but I don't understand the next point.
Yes, some of our rooms overlook a garden, but it's very expensive.
Why then, it must have fallen out of my pocket. I have to tell the hotel informant.
Can I use your phone?
Do you enjoy a discount for weekly stays?
I paid all my bills.
It smells nice. How much does it cost?
I would like to book a tennis court for an hour tomorrow.
I want to re-emphasize my trip to Chicago on the 17th.
Do you have any tennis rackets for rent?
No, we came here last year.
Can you describe the person?
I ate a bit too much.
May I speak to Ms. Brown?
Please let go of me.
This house looks pretty cozy, doesn't it?
I don't want it at this price.
Hooray.
Okay, I'll send our engineer to your room.
I'm allergic to the following.
Yes. I did the right thing. May I see your driver's license, please?
You were a great help to us today.
I want to book on Northwest Airlines on flight zero-eight-six on the fifth.
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you clearly. Can you spell it?
Normal .
Can I take your son's name?
My wallet, passport and other personal belongings.
Do you have any ice cream?
It's weird, but I can speak English better when I'm drunk.
I was told you had a fax for me.
By saying that they are very careful in their choices, you mean that they always think economically.
What does that look like to you?
I'm shaking.
When do you close?
The wound became inflamed.
I want to reissue it.
Are you sure you didn't book in the name of Suzuki? What about Tetsuo?
I can't open the door.
Kabuki is one of Japan's traditional performing arts.
What's the best?
I want to make an appointment for a perm.
Can you give me a bigger room?
Give me a bag in the shape of a small dog, please.
I plan to stay for twelve days.
Can you please hold my bags for a couple more hours?
We'd better find the original United Airlines counter now.
Can I see the table?
Wait a minute. I may have left it in the break room.
Mr. Jiro Yamada, confirm your reservation on this flight, which leaves at 7:30 a.m. from Chicago.
I'm looking for a skirt.
What other colors?
What are the best ways to enjoy the city?
Four stations.
Change my room, please.
Is there a place for lost and found in the station?
That's exactly what I was going to say.
Yeah, I guess so.
Can I make a transfer with this ticket?
Do you mind if we make it a one-year contract instead of two?
Your house is large. How many rooms?
Let me think about it, please.
Can I make this clear?
Will the hotel send a car to pick us up?
We enjoyed dinner.
An egg and salad sandwich to go.
Can you tell me some hotels for less than fifty pounds a night?
Can you set up a spot for me anytime Tuesday morning?
I prefer a seat in the front.
Can you put my luggage in the trunk, please?
Is it an outdoor pool or an indoor pool?
Can you tell me the bus number to Santa Monica?
Okay, and you?
I want cream someday.
But, if the light doesn't work, you can't change it.
I understand, but I can't say it.
I can't find your reservation, but we have a room.
Thirty-six minutes today, but usually at thirty-five minutes.
I'd like a fountain pen, please.
I'll take twenty percent off the price.
I will look for another taxi.
Is there a mailbox nearby?
It's hot, isn't it?
I'd like to go to Broadway.
Do you have a map of the ski slopes?
Oh, yes, please. I hope they don't get seasick.
Housekeeping, please.
It's okay. It's not so bad.
I can't find my way to the station.
It's two dollars and fifty.
It's at the end of this street.
Can I have some change?
Can I use the flash?
Thank you very much. And leave this view as it is.
To Tokyo, please.
Especially regarding the design of the Mercury project, I can't decide on it without you.
Can I set up my equipment now?
I will buy this chip.
It's a time to show and share love.
I'd like some meat.
To your health .
My jacket is wet, so please dry it.
Are these old ships still sailing?
Please join us for lunch.
What is our ETA?
Something went into my left ear.
What time do you think you'll be logging in, sir?
By the way, how do you test the program?
Do you have something to announce?
I got a bruise.
Are banks open on Saturday?
How informative are the tours?
Can you recommend a good place to buy leather bags?
Is that lipstick?
A lot of American baseball players play in Japan.
I'm leaving early tomorrow, so I would like to pay now.
Where can I get textbooks?
Can I have some honey?
We only display the rings one at a time.
Can I use my Visa card?
I want to try a traditional dish for this region?
Can I have room service?
Can I make an appointment?
Unsweetened wine, please.
I had a car accident.
I started working at this company only two months ago.
When do we get together?
I made a call to Tokyo and they said they didn't want it.
The TV doesn't work.
Non-smoking seat, please.
Where can I fill this prescription?
Can I get an artificial sweetener?
I would like to change my session to Shiatsu. Is that possible?
Yeah, I'm a vegetarian. I don't eat meat.
I'll have a pot of tea.
Can you take the fastest route? I'm late for an appointment.
I have a scratchy throat.
We would like to try the fish here.
Have a safe trip.
Don't you have anything better?
Diet Coke with ice, please.
Drowsiness at any of our stations is free.
Delicious .
You must go and see Nara and Kyoto. Nara retains the atmosphere of ancient Japan with ancient Buddha temples and Shinto shrines. Deer and their children play freely in their gardens.
Please bring my luggage to my room.
The word "face" has many different meanings in English such as pretend, cosmetic, dignity, surface and others.
Please include some small change.
Please put your things outside the room.
Leave two intersections and turn right.
My key is broken.
I would like a Japanese-English dictionary.
I had a good time here. Thanks for everything.
Does this bus go to the center of town?
Please avoid the following.
Sales figures have risen steadily since the product entered the market.
Will the tour guide pick me up from the hotel?
When should I be at the gate?
He's busy right now.
What's the fastest? We don't have much time.
Really? Please give me a minute to sort this out.
Is that everything included in the bill?
We'd like a plate of assorted sausages, a salad, and a bottle of wine, please. Two glasses, please.
Hey, I want to drive now. It's my turn.
What is the bus number that goes to Piccadilly Circus?
This comes with a lifetime warranty.
Can you fix it, please?
I didn't get my salad.
Can foreigners get books in the library?
Take bus number one and get off at the third stop.
Can anyone here try CPR?
I don't think these came from Japan.
Bring me a small bottle of ice-cold mineral water, please.
Please show me some so-called educational games.
I want a belt.
Can I stay in my room until 2 p.m.?
I'll think about it.
I'm all for it. Let's go to the deli across the street.
Scrambled eggs.
I'm sorry, sir. All the rooms are booked.
The call to Japan has been connected. Come on, please.
Here's the manual. It should be here.
I have a tumor.
Ha-ha. Good morning. It's your turn. He's fine.
Are you sure? Please check again.
I would like some ASA film for this camera, please.
Can I have a Japanese guide?
How much is the bag?
I want to take tomorrow's flight.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Please change the lenses. Can you get them ready while I wait?
Walk forward to there, and it's on your right.
Where are Monet's drawings?
I can't keep any food in my stomach.
Can you stand in this spot because I want to take some pictures?
to go to the Grand Canyon.
Please take an X-ray.
I'm looking for a gift for my mom.
Pizza is delicious. Who made it?
Can you book two tickets?
I was assaulted.
A table where smoking is allowed or not?
We call it Mount B. It's about twenty miles from here.
Do you prefer it with tomato sauce or mustard sauce?
What does this dish taste like?
It's on the first floor, the end of this road.
Is there a boy who collects balls?
For Las Vegas?
They are also expensive.
When does the next train to Boston leave?
Does this take MasterCard?
I plan to learn golf.
Can guests access the ballroom without paying extra?
Do any of the tours have Japanese-speaking guides?
I don't have a copy of my plane ticket.
In a separate booklet called "Common Background Information," which is in the available set, you will find a more detailed explanation.
How long will you be late?
When to open and when to close?
Can you get me some blankets, please? It's very cold in this room.
Hello there. By the way, is there a currency phone nearby?
Please give me another drink.
Do you want to explain it to the operator?
Can you set it up by the window, please?
It's a court here.
I have some laundry.
What a great surfer.
Where is the palace?
Can I have a menu?
Seat at the front, please.
Please return ten minutes after the second.
Well, one of my bags didn't show up.
Is there an all-day tour?
Can I make a reservation for 9:30 a.m., please?
How much does it cost to ship?
We'd like two tickets to San Diego, please.
It's about a ninety-nine-minute drive from here.
I'm afraid the sleeves are too short.
For every need. I'm having a beer.
I'm from Yokohama, Japan.
Window seat, please. And I want to sit with my daughter.
Can you explain to me how to make a long-distance call?
He was born in one thousand nine hundred and eighty.
Here's your change. Seventy-nine dollars, eighty-nine dollars, ninety-nine dollars, one hundred dollars.
Do you have a hoodie?
Can you show me how to put the gas in?
No, not my camera.
Is breakfast included in the hotel rate?
Is that all?
The TV is broken.
When is the last bus to Pimlico?
It's at the end of this road.
I have seasickness. Can I have some medicine?
Another five hours and thirty minutes.
This is room seven forty-seven. What kind of cocktails do you serve?
It's parallel to this road.
Please don't do such a thing.
Women are getting dressed.
Uh, okay. How about this? This midday flight brings you back here at exactly one o'clock.
Are these washable?
Please connect me to the person in charge of the accounts.
Are tickets available?
Do you have some other necklaces with unique designs?
Why aren't we circling these people?
Can you tell me the places we will visit on the tour?
You should go to the hospital for a general checkup.
Can you give me a different room, please?
Where is the nearest music store?
I would like to put my belongings in a safe deposit box.
I think this is my seat.
Put your hands up.
When does this store close?
When was the first train to Oxford?
How long is room service available?
Do you have an English newspaper?
A pair of sticks, please.
Better a blue one, if you have one.
You'll get better soon. Don't worry.
Fun . I plan to do some sightseeing and visit some old friends.
Please start the counter.
What's your diagnosis?
I would like to show my ears.
The treasury is there.
Why is the train so late?
Should I wear a tie?
Name and room number?
I have a flat type.
We are interested in religion.
No trouble at all. Where should we take it?
Me, too. We walked a lot today.
I have an idea.
We'll charge the battery and clean the windshield.
A table on the balcony, please.
Fifty percent off the written price?
What is the latest time to log in?
Slightly more from the back.
Please keep this bridge in the background.
Do you have any good souvenirs?
The rain changed to rain with snow.
My room is too cold.
We have breakfast at seven every morning except weekends.
I have to see a doctor tomorrow morning.
Please fasten your seat belt and refrain from smoking until after takeoff?
I want to call Japan.
I wish I could lose some weight after all this.
I'm going to Melbourne.
Do you have any tours with Japanese-speaking guides?
It's cold this morning.
Excuse me, but what intersection are we at now?
I forgot it when I was shopping about ten minutes ago.
Can I go in jeans and lace-up shoes?
Would you like some bananas?
My shoulders were tight, weren't they?
Well, what kind of food do you like?
Is this for you to go?
Is there a bar around here?
Excuse me. Can you tell me where I can take the subway?
How are you . I'm Ichiro Tanaka.
How much is the extra fare for the bullet train?
If it's all customs-free, I'll take one carton of G.
It depends on the type of tour. A day trip to Yosemite for thirty dollars is the most common. Yosemite is three hundred and fifty kilometers from here.
Which line goes to Santa Barbara?
I don't want tomato sauce.
I'll get back to you when you're less busy.
Do you have a bigger one?
Take whatever you want. Just don't shoot.
I feel better .
I want to watch a ball game.
Do you have a single room tonight?
In fact, we're having a sale on sweaters right now.
Can you suggest any good day trips?
My traveler's checks are in US dollars.
Can you put me in touch with my friend?
Are you familiar with the geography of Japan?
Where can I buy tickets?
Is the equipment included?
Can we have some bread, please?
Please show me where I am on this map.
One hundred percent cotton.
Let me see . Yes, we have a room available.
Hello, Tanaka. I'm glad you're here. Where are you staying?
Is there someone here who can speak English?
Yes. I have to go now. I hope to see you again soon.
It's thirty-six.
This is the first visit.
Where is the nearest laundromat?
Quiet room, please.
I got good grades last year.
How wonderful .
I want the ones displayed in the display window.
Is there one in a larger size?
I haven't checked yet. But I think I have a high fever.
What is your complaint?
It's starting to snow.
I would like to change to an ocean view room. Are there any additional charges?
This is room seven-zero-two. Please give me a wake-up call at exactly seven o'clock tomorrow morning.
Don't work too hard.
Oh, no. I know it was a mistake. I'm going back to Japan as a poor man.
Is this the right train to Chicago?
I heard the weather forecast. It's supposed to stop snowing sometime tomorrow.
How much is a half-day rental for a painting?
Can I wait here?
I write amateur Japanese poems as a hobby.
Is there a safe place to store my bags?
Do you have a family lineage?
November 10th.
Where is a good place to buy souvenirs?
I would like a typewriter ribbon.
It's a seniority pay system.
Please lie there.
Can we go to Tiki Point tomorrow?
There is a slight chance of snow.
Can you draw me a map?
It's very tasty.
Automatic character machines seem to be very easy, well, what about roulette? Just place your signals or money on the number you bet on first.
I bet there's a bigger selection to choose from at the pharmacy.
When will we take off?
How did the driver know when you wanted to get off?
It's too expensive for me. Show me a cheaper one, please.
This is the operator of the international telephony service.
I teach English .
This car goes to Paris, right?
Please deposit five dollars and twenty-five cents for the next three minutes.
I'd like a camera, please.
How high is the diving platform?
Are you going to rent a golf cart?
Please hand out the landing cards.
Twenty-four dollars. Do you want more?
I made the reservation in Tokyo a month ago.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Can I make an appointment today?
It's a little tight around the stomach.
How can I go downtown?
It's just as you say.
I've never had a meal before. I would like to take it now.
Good morning. How many?
I don't have much time.
Should I come down here to Rockefeller Center?
Hassan. See you around.
Can I withdraw three hundred dollars with my Visa card?
How do you like your whiskey?
Can I take care of her?
I have a period.
You have to cash your traveler's checks at the bank.
Please bring my luggage to the room.
I haven't booked a seat on my return flight yet.
Which of these is the newest color?
Please measure my shoe size.
How long does it take to go to Philadelphia?
You'll visit all of San Francisco's landmarks on a forty-nine-mile driving tour.
It's great .
Can I stay here to see her?
Will you make a date to go out with me?
Are there any seats available for this evening?
Please clean this coat.
I would like to rent a motorboat.
I broke my glasses.
Your shoes don't match the color of your dress.
Install it here, please.
This one's automatic. We have this kind of quartz watch, sir. They're waterproof and shockproof.
Just a decoration, please.
When is the next train to Oxford?
Breakfast? I'd like to make a reservation.
Can I call France directly from here?
How many days is this good for?
I want to change my reservations.
Can you get us a cab?
Where's the ladies' section?
What about the hamburger experience?
Is everything okay?
Is there a limousine for the ABC Hotel?
What time are you returning the car on Friday?
Coffee is not calculated.
What line for Madison Square?
I'll get back to you later.
Sorry, I didn't understand what you said.
A kilogram for a dollar.
Can I take it on a hanger?
I don't know how to use the phone, please show me.
What field has he been in before?
My destination is London .
Oooo, I'm afraid there's not enough time.
Which bus should I take?
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Shit. I've grown accustomed to her face.
I would like some cleaning cream.
Hello again and welcome to the American Top 40.
Which is the best event?
Do I have to pay the surcharge when I enter a building?
How long does it take before the buds bloom into flowers?
Hello, your partner is on the line. Come on, please.
I would like to speak to Ms. Nomoto, in room five zero one.
Then you'll be interested to see the theater from the inside. It's the Teatro Allascala.
The shaded column shows our company's sales figures last year.
I hope you will be able to visit the beautiful tourist places in the United States soon.
Westminster Abbey.
My companion has a high fever.
My wound hurts .
He's on the seventh floor. Take the elevator at the end of the hall.
I will be waiting for you .
I put my purse, a book, and a camera in my bag.
I usually get into bed around ten, and go straight to sleep.
Where is the station?
He was tall and had blonde hair.
Civilization flourished, with activities such as kabuki plays, Ukiyo-e paintings, literature and ceramic art becoming popular.
Is there a Dunhill store nearby?
One hundred and twenty million people in a land area of three hundred and eighty thousand square kilometers?
Round-trip ticket to Miami, please.
Can you tell me where the nearest bank is?
I would like a ticket for an adult, please.
My name is Watanabe Guru.
How much does it cost to send a letter, then?
Pepper, please.
Can you bring me the bill?
Well, the dentist I go to is very good.
The light is not working.
I need something for my cough.
I have goosebumps.
Well, this is your room.
Three days .
Cross the bridge from there, and you will find the library on your left hand.
How long until the next train arrives?
Can I take a pill?
Give me your signature here, please.
Isn't there a cafeteria nearby?
The number is five, six, seven, eight, one, two, three, four.
Please, sir, we may land at any moment. Please take your seat.
Yokohama is close to Tokyo.
I would like a filter, please.
What can I do?
Does anyone speak Japanese in the store?
Who's at the end of this line?
Can I have a guided map, please?
I can't hear you very well.
It's about an hour late. It leaves at 1710 hours.
The number is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
The water won't get hot enough.
In Hokkaido, you can't play GoF for about six months because its climate is cold.
Will you sell them separately?
I would like to leave a day early.
Please help me find a Japanese-speaking guide.
It starts at nine o'clock.
You're in luck. All the stores are having a sale right now. You can buy at a discount.
Wait a minute. I'll get a pen.
I don't want a huge one.
There will be a slight delay.
Oh, I don't know. What about McDonald's? We have those in Japan, but.
I'd like to return this. This is the receipt.
Is there a bus leaving this evening?
How can I go to the museum?
Excuse me. I have completed the approximate itinerary.
Mr. Goodman would be really intrigued by it.
Uh-huh. I think I'll take eggs, sausage, toast and fresh fruit.
What are the differences between these hotels?
Rent is due on the last day of each month.
This is not the right size.
Pakistani flight number seven zero eight on September fifth.
There's something wrong with my bathroom.
What are the local products of this region?
I missed my stop.
My luggage hasn't shown up yet. Can you find out what happened to it, please?
You look hot on the phone.
It's a Canon single lens reflex camera.
What is the name of the castle?
It was great. Thank you.
Is there a bus from the airport to the city?
Can you tell me the name again?
I'll be there around 6pm.
Then get off at the next stop and take the bus to Hyde Park.
I'm sorry, we don't offer this. You can buy it at the pharmacy on the first floor.
I'd like a seat by the aisle, please.
Do you have anything for a little longer?
What do you want to drink?
I would like to make the same request.
Where are Barnes and Nobles?
Very much so. Especially since I fell asleep at dinner last night. By the way, can you tell me how to get to the British Museum?
Please dial nine on this phone.
When does the store close?
My flight was delayed, and I missed my connecting flight.
The end date is March nineteen ninety-nine.
Can you cancel my seat reservation for me?
I'd like some fried potato chips.
I'm going there too.
Very interesting.
I want a bathroom.
Can I say it?
How was it?
I don't know, sir. Speak English? Speak English? Speak.
I hope it's beautiful.
The line is busy.
Yes, sir. Eleven o'clock.
Can I make an appointment for Friday?
I have to make a call. Is that possible?
No, I don't smoke. Non-smoking car, please.
Are newbies no good?
I need them today.
I'd like to rent your less expensive car for a week.
This dress doesn't fit me.
Can you tell me where my seat is?
Are there any good casinos?
Which airplane arrives early in New York City?
Where did you leave it?
That's fountain pen money. A hundred-dollar bill.
Please exchange this French currency for cash.
Where's the ladies' section?
There's nowhere to put my carry-on luggage.
Feel free to apply makeup before you leave.
Don't worry. It's not far from town.
Here's your change.
Well then, why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?
Make me an offer.
Does this half-day trip offer a Japanese speaking service?
Where can I take the boat?
How much does it cost per day?
Yes, we did. This is our choice.
Well, you can take the Grayline Air Shuttle or the Curry Airport Express.
My friend is injured .
If you make it a little lower, I'll buy it.
You look healthy.
Will this store be open tomorrow?
Where's the aquarium?
I would like to stay here for two more days.
Yes, I'm looking for a gift for my sister.
Please clean these clothes.
Where can I buy a Japanese newspaper?
What is the main issue in this ocean?
Can I float here?
What about the top? Am I missing some of the top?
Yeah, is that what you left behind?
Yes. You can watch movies on HBO, and it's free.
How can I go to Hollywood?
I'll take a room for fifteen dollars.
I'm pretty sure I made a reservation.
Do you have a laundry service?
I think my foot is broken.
It's all the way to the end of the lobby.
Can you trim my mustache?
This comes with a salad and a choice of grilled or roasted potatoes.
You speak like a poet, Mr. Etta.
Are there any landmarks to see here?
Is there a sleeping car on the train?
Really? I hope you didn't leave without me.
Let's eat out together.
How much for two days?
Where can I buy a jug?
I'm going to Memphis.
Which platform will the train to New York leave from?
I would like to make a reservation to Rome.
Ladies and gentlemen, Captain George Cohen and his crew welcome you aboard United Airlines flight eight zero zero zero to New York. If you need anything during the flight, just ask and we'll be happy to help.
Green .
It's best to contact the "Lost and Found" department. "
May I have your phone number, please?
Can you see if another flight is available?
No . We'll be here for three days, then we'll go to New York and New Orleans.
I have a permit for Orel and a Russian visa.
May I speak to Ms. Karui Watanabe in room eighteen?
Do you have any other drinks?
This dress is linen.
Excuse me. I have a headache. Do you have any medication?
Please put a roll of film in this camera.
High school students in American schools don't have to study hard.
I would like to take this with me.
I see. This is mine. I belong to the Center for Interior Design.
Which bus to take to Hyde Park?
This beer is flavorless.
I can't sell these without a prescription.
Yes, you are.
We would like to be at the same table.
Can I reserve five seats in the same row?
There are not enough bath cloths.
I'm thinking this might not be right. Can you check it out?
Can you lend me a tow rope, please?
He'll be back next week.
My mom died .
I would like some Portuguese wine.
Take me to a hospital.
Oh, heavens .
Do you have these in a bright color?
I'd like a pen.
Can I have some lemon for my tea, please?
Can I have a receipt, please?
Nice to see you, too. Is this your first time in America?
Can you swap these high heels for smaller ones?
Is anyone sitting here?
My luggage is three kilograms too heavy.
Which car performs better?
I think it's too expensive. Don't you have a more reasonable price?
I leave early tomorrow morning.
Do you sell duty-free goods on board?
Who directed the movie?
Summer here isn't so bad, huh?
I want to buy this.
Follow the sign that says Taxi.
Yes, you're right in the middle of Fifth Avenue. Where do you want to go?
You can't take a discount no matter how hard you try.
Why did you do that?
My receipt was also stolen.
I'm afraid we don't serve it. But I'm sure you'll enjoy our specialty food.
Can you open this bag, please? What's in here?
Thirty-seven minutes.
Hassan. It's 11:00 p.m., so I set my watch back ten companions, right?
I want to make a long distance call to the Hilton Hotel in Boston.
Well, Remington could be good.
It takes about an hour and a half.
Can I have another glass of water?
Let me see that.
Where is the exchange company?
Please hold on. I'll ask Mr. Imai if he'll take the call.
Can we get you there in ten minutes?
This curry is spicy.
Are the ladies okay with that?
I have an issue with the bag I bought yesterday.
Do you have any drug allergies?
Yes, we have black and brown.
I'd like to watch a professional soccer game. Where can I buy a ticket?
Be careful, the ceiling is low.
Excuse me? I didn't follow you. Can you speak more slowly so I can understand you?
Five twenties, ten tens, and the rest in one-dollar bills, please.
How do I get to the Columbus Fountain?
Please give me something good for my lips. They're chapped from the cold wind.
I can't see the screen very well from here, can I switch seats for a while?
Are there any local specialties?
Don't be afraid. This dog won't bite you.
Yes, and dolphins are very beautiful.
How often does it work?
I sprained my wrist.
Where are the life vests?
Follow this straight line for four blocks. Turn left at the light.
Can you send this to Japan?
I left my wallet in your store.
How do you like this one?
Is there a trip to Sydney?
Can I continue my journey from tomorrow?
Is this the British Airways baggage claim area one, two, three?
I leave at 7am tomorrow morning.
We'll have to get together again soon.
I visited the Great Lakes for the first time.
Yes, I'll have a whiskey and soda with my appetizer.
Please sound the emergency alarm.
Of course. Let me put this trunk down. Where are you going?
What is the signature dish at this restaurant?
Sorry, I'm banned.
Do you have anything in a more modern style?
Where can I buy tokens?
Would you convert a US dollar check into French francs?
Let's meet tomorrow.
Why don't we do all these things together?
Can I dive when the sea is rough?
There's something wrong with this ventilator.
Please continue until customs is there. Have a nice stay .
Show me the new models, please.
Do you have a medical thermometer?
The shoes are too tight.
On the ninth of last month.
Okay, three twenty, three ten, and two five.
I would like to try some Japanese food. Cook some for me.
I need kindness.
Can I move to this node?
Yes, we have a lot of fun.
How about a matinee?
Looking for my luggage.
My plans have changed. I want to stay three nights instead of two.
Oh, thank you. Betty, would you come in, please?
How many political parties are there?
Drive your car to the side of the road.
How long has she been in the UK so far?
Is there any mail for me?
Sub number three six seven, please.
Can I continue traveling?
Please be extra careful in the future.
A lover of artistic creativity like you will likely enjoy the funky oil paintings and street music performances.
Hello, I want to call Tokyo.
Yes, but can you leave the light luggage on the shelf above your head?
This is green tea.
Do you have a ticket?
Lemon juice, please.
Do you accept Japanese money?
My companion was crossing the street at a green light.
Do you have a navy blue one?
Can you help me with the luggage?
Uh, thank you, Ms. Stacey. Anne really made this plum pudding all by herself.
How many nights of stay?
We'd like a coffee after dinner, please.
They eagerly look at the latest fashion on TV and in magazines.
How much time?
I'll have a hot dog and a Coke.
Call a doctor quickly, please.
I want a children's book.
This is the external linker.
Where is the British Airways connecting flight office?
What are they eating at the next table over?
I need a room for two.
Can you tell me where I can find canned vegetables?
Do you have a list of weekly hourly rates.
A stranger offered to take my picture, and I gave him my camera. He took it and ran off.
Ooh. We finally made it to New York. Now we have to take the subway to the Village. Don't we need to buy a subway map?
You can see a white building, can't you? It's in front of that building.
How can I go to the ABC Center?
Do you have Dom Perignon?
Which road leads to Hotel Grasse?
Please take two tablets after each meal.
Can you speak slowly?
Since when?
Will you open your bag?
Room service, please. The room number is ten-fifteen.
 Sex on the beach for the two girls there.
I'd like a seat near the field on the first base line, please.
I have nothing to announce.
How much?
A little more coffee, please.
Do we have time to see the inside of the gallery?
Where's the gaudy goods store?
All seats are already booked, but you can get a ticket to watch the game if you want to stand.
Please file a theft report.
Do you think I could try to paint my own nails?
Uh, okay. Here you go.
Please tell me where to contact you.
Look, it's huge, isn't it? I'll get you a bag to carry the rest of the food later.
Do you have a newspaper?
I need a bus route map.
I really like movies that make me cry.
Do you have anything wider?
Is there a deli around here?
Please send this by airmail.
My hotel manager, Mr. Hilton, gave me his name.
Can you make it thirty pounds?
Tell me when I have to come back here.
From six in the morning to ten in the morning.
Two hamburgers .
Please show me a cheaper one.
Darker color, please.
Where are you calling from?
I was in charge of people for some time, so I'm particularly interested in talking to people.
We have to wait that long? Thank you anyway.
Will the train leave on time?
Can you fill out the form?
I want to dive in a shallow, well-lit area.
Oh, that's too bad. Maybe another time afterward.
Do you have any Japanese brochures? I would like a brochure, please.
What? Do you have to pay taxes when you have more than three bottles of alcohol?
My obstacle hasn't come yet.
Can I have another one?
My friend is very sick. Can you call a doctor, please?
It would be great if they knew all this about Japan.
About three hundred pounds, please.
Are there any tours that include a visit to a disco bar?
I want a hamburger, fries and lemonade.
Put your hands up.
It's very beautiful.
Thank you very much. Have a nice trip.
What is the price of the tour?
What does it cost if I leave the car?
I broke my leg.
I need a hair clip.
Now, I will open your pores with the vaporizer.
Excuse me, can I come in here? You've seen my bag.
Can I get a ticket to the ballet here?
I don't know much about wine. What goes with this dish?
We can't sell anything without a license.
Did you order a crib for your baby?
Can you call me first thing in the morning, please?
I'm looking for a souvenir for a friend of mine.
On its way, sir.
I want a jigsaw puzzle.
Cash or card?
I want to take a bus for sightseeing.
I want to rent two bicycles, please.
How much does it cost to send this package by air?
There's a gas station two blocks away.
Where will I find the puzzle section?
I want to sit next to my friend.
Please give me this. What do you call it?
The Japanese don't take long vacations.
Where does this road lead?
When did you get sick?
I can't afford an expensive one like this.
Walk straight down this street for about three hundred meters.
I feel like I'm being stared at. Is it rare to see a Japanese person?
Of course not. Why do you say so?
Which road leads to the central post office?
No, I did it all by myself. It's one of my hobbies. I just love gardening.
That's it, I'll pay for it in dollars and yen.
Where is the Greyhound bus stop in this town?
I need a laxative.
This cable car will take you to the hotel.
Please send this recorded. How much is the total cost?
Press nine for overseas, then press eight. One for Japan, three for Tokyo, then the phone number.
Aren't Japanese restaurants in Kyoto expensive, though?
Excuse me. I'll put my luggage away immediately.
Can I take her back to another city?
How far is it from here to the hotel?
I'm staying three nights.
Raise your hand . Shut up and give me your money.
I think that's a little high for me.
We have a double room with a bathroom for eighty-five dollars.
We serve sandwiches and drinks from 11pm to 6am.
I'm leaving a night early.
Goodbye and call me tomorrow.
Can you cancel my reservation?
You are suffering from a severe case of burnout.
Where do I switch trains?
I want the price of the book.
I want two scrambled eggs with ham, French fries, toast and coffee.
Yes, please. Is this a movie made in Japan?
I haven't seen him in a while.
It's colder than usual this year, but not cold enough for snow.
What happens if you don't find it?
Where can I buy a metro ticket?
We may have a table available around nine o'clock.
Two blocks, then the first left?
What. You mean the Japanese eat this stuff?
Where can I get knives and forks?
Oh, you're right. That's really good. I'll check and come back again tomorrow.
I'll take the business class seats, right?
I want a colored shampoo.
That's it. The actor is really great.
Absolutely. I'll get it right away.
for the time being. Can you give me some money so I can buy some necessary things?
How long will she be working?
How much is the taxi fare from this hotel to the station?
I want to send this to Japan as quickly as possible.
Well, yes and no.
What kinds of toys do you keep as souvenirs from England?
Can I have this and this, please?
I want a picnic basket.
Kyushu is a large island in southern Japan.
Forty-two Street.
I'm sorry. Again, please.
What is the service fee?
I want some fruit juice.
I came to see a Japanese friend of mine.
Great .
What's your job?
I want a front seat.
What kind of pain?
I'm sorry, I made a mistake. What kind of scotch do you like?
They say that Japan is a very rich country.
I want to take a tour where I can learn about gardening.
Would you like a drink before dinner?
Are there any empty rooms in the sleeper?
I need a shampoo and a hair dryer.
Does this train stop in Bath?
What is the procedure for checking this item?
Can you bring it down to twenty dollars, please?
Please stop and wait for me to take a picture of the Waterloo Bridge.
I have a twin room with two single beds.
This is a gift for a friend.
I broke this when I took it out of the box.
Reserved seat, please.
Can I see the room?
We expect some rain tonight.
I want hot milk, please.
I need a bulb for the camera.
I'm sorry, but I didn't drink anything. Please correct my account.
Please eat with this sauce.
Would you like to take out a BAI, PIC, waiver of loss and liability insurance rider?
Can I take a ride now?
Where's the music lounge?
Snow makes the road slippery.
Congratulations on your 50th wedding anniversary.
I can't find my camera.
Anything sprained?
I'll make two pork tenderloin sandwiches.
I'd like a hundred dollars in change, please.
I love the scenery.
The color blue is very popular this year.
In winter we have snowfall in the northern part of Japan and in mountainous areas.
Excuse me. I can't find my camera.
Can you please see if I'm in?
Do you have anything else within eighty dollars?
I'm a little worried about whether I can dive well.
Let me take the balls.
Yes, I want to rent a car.
Excuse me, but is the seat taken?
This will help.
What are you doing?
Do you have anything to announce?
Did you see a blue coat? I put it on this chair.
We moved so fast that we couldn't take pictures.
Okay, I will.
I hope to either get a teaching job or pursue a master's degree in psychology.
I'm looking for a lightweight cream. I have very oily skin.
I enjoyed talking to you.
Can you get me a Japanese magazine?
Salad, please.
Do you have a full day tour?
Do you have the VOICE?
International call to Japan.
No, please bring it in thirty minutes.
Are buses cheap?
Yeah, I'll make sure he gets these.
Thirty-two Street.
Uh, okay. Can we have two tickets?
What time is the second flight to Paris?
Please place your luggage under this seat.
There's a flower shop on the way.
What is the purpose of your trip?
I want a chocolate bar.
Do you have any fruit juice?
Something is wrong with the flash bulb.
I'm from Tokyo.
I need some lotion to remove Revlon cream.
I have some clothes for the laundry.
I would like to book a double room starting tomorrow through Monday.
A little ripple in my hair, please.
Does this include service fees?
Great, I'd love to come.
Can I continue my journey?
Show me a cheaper one please.
This is very expensive, please show me something cheaper.
Uh-huh. Bottle of beer, please.
I think we're running out of time.
Can you check it again, please?
Come on, hurry up.
I ordered it a long time ago.
I would like to change my reservation.
Yes, there is one in that hotel.
Departure date please.
Where should I change trains to go to San Diego?
It was very generous of you to show up when you're so busy.
I don't know about this snake skin.
I understand, have a seat.
My grandfather had a heart attack last night.
Okay, can you give me the date and flight number?
Can I have another fork?
When does the show end?
What time can we have dinner?
I'm afraid it's too much to ask.
The weather is unpredictable. Please fasten your seat belts.
I used to do that. I still do it from time to time to keep my skills up.
Who is this lady?
My destination is Tokyo.
Can you please send a doorman to my room at 6:00 a.m.?
Yes, I am a tourist.
We'll have to drive you through another city.
May I dismount on our way?
The first time was from mid-October.
Where can I get leather bags?
I'm allergic to pollen.
I'd like fish and chips, please.
Do you have a flight to Tokyo on Friday?
I'll have a hot chocolate.
We can arrange to clean your rooms.
No, I didn't see anyone around me.
Lark cigarette box, please.
I need the police report for my insurance. When will it be issued?
Small car, please. How much is the daily rent?
Not at all, even a small child will have no trouble answering it.
Yes, that's good.
Do you want me to run through this again?
He's the last person to lie.
This is yours. Will you accept it?
May I see the wine list, please?
What kind of work?
Hello. I'm sorry, he's in a meeting.
I would like to go to the museum. Which buses should I take?
Okay, I'll take two, please.
Thanks for taking me with you.
I need a doctor quickly.
Private, please.
Excuse me. I'd like to go to the Bronx Zoo. What's the best way to get there?
How much does it cost to go to Hotel C?
We'll let you know as soon as we find him.
Do you know any discos that girls can safely go to?
What is the baggage allowance on this flight?
Here you go, it's free.
On Monday.
Passport and customs declaration form please, is there anything to show?
Is there anything you'd like to see?
Please leave them outside your room tomorrow morning.
Please wait in front of the information desk.
I'd like a watch with a radio, please.
He's away from home.
About a month, sir.
Is there a car wash?
There is a dent in the right front door.
Do they serve meals?
Can I pay in Deutschmarks as well?
What is the minimum voting age in Japan?
Can I get a multi-use ticket?
It's pure wool?
Can I call you later?
I'd like to reserve a table for two at seven o'clock, please.
When does it open and when does it close?
I need some night cream.
Can you wrap this up like a gift?
Uh, no. Thanks. I can't. Actually, I'm engaged to someone.
Which station should I change to in order to go to Soho?
I want to take a strong medicine for my cold.
Is it a uniform?
It's a quarter to three.
Can you make it to Broadway by seven o'clock?
Are there seats for tonight?
What does that mean?
The allowance is twenty kilograms for an economy class traveler.
I would like to pay my bill.
I will plan to send you my daily bills, so please tell me the address and the name of the person in charge, please.
Next time during my visit, I will definitely come back. So can I get a discount?
Can you order it for me, please?
Well, he's preparing for his college entrance exams.
It is difficult for us to speak fluent English.
Yes, Atomic Bomb Remembrance Day and the anniversary of the end of the war.
They shouldn't watch violent TV shows.
What is the latest and most popular movie?
Has it been a year already? Time really flies. Of course, I'll come. Just tell me the time and place.
Do you have this same design with a higher heel?
I need a jacket for a ten-year-old boy.
Are there any restaurants open now?
Can I sit wherever I want?
I'm sorry to bother you.
I'm afraid you've forgotten a number. I think I gave you twenty.
I look forward to seeing you.
Take me to the Abbey Road, please.
That's all I want.
Can you send someone over here right away?
Please bring me breakfast.
You made it a memorable trip.
Can you give me an estimate?
Uh, thank you. Hi, thanks for waiting.
Yes . But they are fairly picky.
I'll take your best seat, please.
I'm pretty sure I have a reservation.
Telegraph paper please.
I included the tip in the receipt.
To the hotel, please.
Tokyo Zero Three Three Three Two Nine One Five Eight Three Five, Ms. Harada.
French dress, please.
Please take me to Airport A.
I will send it to you, so please wait here.
We're here for a day.
I need some soap.
We want to play tennis. Are there public courts here?
I have a slight headache.
Please show me some baby clothes.
Can you recommend a good restaurant nearby?
It's a large, black bag.
I must have dialed the wrong number.
For three. And your name, please.
When do you think he'll get better?
It's funny to meet you here.
I'm here on summer vacation.
I would like to buy some souvenirs for my friends.
I enjoyed the meal very, very much.
Can I take these now?
How do I adjust the ventilation?
Can I sit next to you?
What kind of food goes with it?
I don't know my address yet. But I plan to stay at a hotel in San Francisco.
I can't sleep because of the noisy baby behind me. Can you say something, please?
In most cases, you will be in great distress.
My wrist hurts.
Uh, no. Just turn left. Over there by the truck. Right there. Go up that little road over there. Come on, pull over here.
Get off at Victoria Station and take the east-west line.
It's torn. Please charge him more.
How long does it take to get to Japan?
No, please sit and wait. I'll be right back.
Where do I change cars?
I'm allergic to aspirin.
Can I help you look for something specific?
May I see the car?
Let's meet at the restaurant.
You have three times as many books as I do.
He is about one hundred and seventy centimeters tall and bald.
Can you draw me a map, please?
I like to drink beer in such hot weather.
Can I have breakfast now?
Here's my international driver's license.
I need some hand cream.
Can you list your address here?
Sorry, we're sold out for tonight. However, we still have some tickets for tomorrow night.
Is this wine glass washer safe?
Are they too strong?
Ah, boy.
I lost an earring somewhere around here.
Switching to Delta Airlines flight numbers two, one and five.
I think I touched some poisonous coral.
Do you have boxes?
Yes, sir. Please stay in your room until the doctor arrives.
I left my bag here, and now it's gone.
I want some lettuce.
Absolutely. What time would you like to book? How many people?
You're supposed to stick to the left.
What do you know about him?
Now, which exit do I take for Carnegie Hall?
I was robbed at Waimanalo Beach. Please come in immediately.
How about a hundred dollars?
Is it okay to use the tennis courts?
I want this loaded.
I would like to invite you to lunch.
Can I pay at the table?
Where did you last see him?
Give me a tube tool, please.
I left my watch on the train.
Yes, sir. Wait a moment, please. Uh, here you go.
Isn't he here yet?
What time do I have to leave here for the 12 o'clock flight?
It's hot this morning, isn't it?
Yes, I can tell. I can't understand anything that people are saying around us.
Send me an ambulance, please.
Are there any famous scenes?
I want to apply for a new version.
Can you show me where I am on this map, please?
Yes. But I don't like the sweet ones.
The government has supported the development of industries.
Well, let me see. It's more than my budget.
What kind of food will we have for lunch today?
I think he's more than fifty years old.
The TV is there and there's the remote.
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you'll have to keep it yourself.
Continue straight until you reach Hope Street.
I want to buy this.
Here's the key and here's the contract.
May I move to the smoking area?
Can you send a taxi to twenty-three Brown Street?
We didn't ask for this.
A glass of champagne, please.
Well, it's a fifteen-minute walk from here.
Another glass, please.
What is the minimum age to do this?
I want to book some rooms.
Do you have any simple maps of the city?
How about a cute bracelet to go with it?
Which aisle is the cosmetics aisle?
Can you connect me to the export department, please?
I'm sorry, I'm a little rusty. Can you check again?
If it was possible, I wouldn't have taken the tooth out.
Who's on the mound for the Cincinnati Reds?
One small latte, please.
The count is one ball and two strikes.
The Subtropicana Club is good. It stays open until two in the morning. The staff will call you a taxi when you are ready to leave.
Japanese teenagers care about fashion.
I won't use the flash.
Can you check the tires?
I started taking classes. It's very difficult.
Where is the gate for Japan Airlines Flight Two One Four?
When will the train arrive in San Diego, please?
I used to smoke every day.
You got on the wrong train.
Can I have some airmail stickers?
How much are you willing to pay for this?
I don't want it too spicy.
What time does your plane leave for San Francisco?
I can't find that exit.
I would like fifty grams of these steaks, please.
Did you get a return ticket to Japan?
Can you tell me how to make a phone call?
I would like another color, please.
He who runs after two rabbits will not catch either of them.
I agree with your idea, provided the factory completion date is guaranteed.
Can you get me a ticket, please?
Say it slowly .
That's not clean.
Oh, take a look at your box.
I'd like to book a game of golf tomorrow morning.
Come yourself to the cake. It's homemade.
Are you going to search inside this bag too?
I need some shampoo.
That's right. In our language, the word "sakana," which means fish, comes from the combination of "saka," or fish, and "na," the special food you eat when you drink sake.
Express train, please.
Can you give me a ride to the hotel?
It will be held on Friday the 23rd.
How long have you had this headache?
I want a front seat.
I don't know how to fill out this form.
I think you should try it in a lighter color.
On which floor is the women's shoe department located?
Under the seat in front of you.
How late does the store stay open?
You don't need to thank me.
I'm staying at the Hilton.
I feel bad and nauseous.
This is more than I expected to pay.
I would like to set the appointment for 5:00 p.m. this evening.
Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
What time do you accept laundry tomorrow morning?
It's a ruby. We only have one such brooch and it's one of my favorites. Would you try it on?
Tell me about the fees later, please.
Where is it shown?
But I have an appointment to see her at two o'clock.
I'm here to log in.
Please tighten the legs of the pants a little and make them pleatless.
I would love to see some of your great collections here.
I didn't eat that.
Does this car go to Edinburgh?
Harry, is there anything I can do?
In the third .
Yes, please fill out this form.
Can you iron these pants, please?
The zoo is three blocks away.
Is it pure wool?
How much is the fee for overweight?
What is it?
I am very pleased that we were able to discuss all the important issues and find solutions. I am very grateful for your kind cooperation.
I want proof.
Which hospital will he be transferred to?
If you give me a discount, I'll buy this one, too.
My name is Kimura. I want to cancel my reservation for Friday.
Enjoy your meal .
Where can I buy a ticket for a baseball game?
Oh, sorry. There have been issues and we're working on it. Would you kindly wait for thirty minutes?
Excuse me. How do I get to the bank from here?
Can I see some ID cards?
Please show me how to use the phone.
Look at this. It's a huge store. I hope you brought a lot of money.
I want a seat in a booth at the theater.
I like it. I will take it.
Where are the city walls located?
She's back.
I'd like something more intense, please.
No soap.
What's next?
To San Francisco, please.
What are these things?
Where is seat 60(A)?
How far is it from the station?
Yes. He's staying at Twelve Thirty-Four Gaius Road.
My child had a fall.
Yes, we have a playground available at two o'clock and another at four o'clock.
What time can I check out of the hotel?
Is there a subway line that goes to Civic Center?
Which department?
Get your peanuts here.
Well, I like them both.
Of course . It's two suitcases for traveling and a hand luggage. Please keep this ticket.
White wine, please.
I get it.
Because it's Au Bon season right now.
Is it possible to go snorkeling this afternoon?
Do you have any idea what's on offer this week in the city?
I'll call someone.
My friend has an upset stomach. Can you recommend something light for his stomach?
Two, one, two, three, three, four, eight, three, three thousand.
Two seats on the lower right side, please.
Do you want me to fill in the data?
Flight seven has been delayed two hours.
I want to see historic buildings.
Do you want to settle the bill now?
The car came at me from the side at the intersection.
We'll send someone from security.
It's kind of hot.
I'm from Portugal.
After I drank the juice they gave me, I passed out. When I woke up, my wallet and bags were gone.
If desired, you can order English-style breakfast for an additional price.
I lost my wallet.
I would like to rent a kiteboard.
Can you include a little change, please.
Spaghetti Spaghetti Bolognese, please.
I would like a beer, please.
I want to go to Paris. Do I have to change trains?
When is the right time for you?
Can I get a medical ticket?
It's a music box.
Where is the suburb?
I want another one.
Is there a bus tour of the city?
Our extensive research network is also available to meet your needs.
That's the first goal of the season.
What time do we start?
Nothing for me. Thank you.
Let's go check out the shop windows.
I remember now. We went to lunch together.
All right, sir. In the medium size, we offer you Mercury sable fur. Is that okay with you?
Which one is the express lane?
You've caused a bruise to the sacrum.
We are now flying over the Yosemite Nature Preserve.
Is there anything for the kids?
I bought it at a flea market.
I will travel.
I have finished my meal, please remove the tray.
I will rent this model. Add car insurance.
Does this go to Sydney?
Can I go in jeans and sneakers?
Yes. According to the weekly weather forecast, the weather will remain good this week.
Please show me some gloves.
Wake-up call service, please.
Turn right on the street.
Speak up, please.
Can you get me some earbuds?
He was cracked.
But you have to promise to kick the ball, not me. OK?
A small hot dog and a large cola, please.
How far is it further away?
Tiffany's. Well, at least we can go window-shopping.
Please develop and print this movie.
Can I borrow some linens?
I think we will. Thank you very much.
It's my fault. We rarely see each other.
What kind of faux leather is this travel bag made of?
How much does it cost by airmail?
I don't think this knife is clean. Can you get me another one?
I want a hat.
I bought this one a moment ago, but can you swap this one for that one?
That may be true, but I'm not sure.
I will be staying in a hotel.
I'm sorry you can't.
Frankly, I don't agree with that.
Can you open a bottle of wine?
Can I stay three nights?
Is this the right way to the central station?
Uh-huh. I want to try the red snapper, but is it too spicy?
I want some wooden skis.
Does this have sunscreen and how much protection does it provide?
Won't you reconsider these payment terms?
Boat with a guide, please.
I'm so sorry.
Is that a train to Chicago?
How can I take a limo bus from here to there?
No, I'm sorry, I looked but they're not there.
Color film twenty-four shots, please.
I would like to order a dark suit for me.
This umbrella can be used as a walking stick.
How much does this tour cost?
Can I buy a ticket here?
I agree, but with some conditions.
Should I leave all my luggage in the coat check room?
Can I borrow an iron?
I'd like to join the night tour.
I need a color chip for this camera, please.
How much does it cost to go to Seattle?
What time do we get to Seattle?
Please show me your passport.
Change my room, please. It smells funny.
Which way to the museum?
On a full-price basis, please.
All right. We'll set a good table for you. May I take your name?
My room faces a noisy street.
A room with a bathroom with a shower, please.
Is there a place that accepts laundry on Sundays?
Uh, you have a high fever. How's your stomach?
Wonderful. There are so many things to choose from.
Two cheeseburgers, please.
Which bus goes to Miami?
But you don't have to tip.
Give me a twenty-cent stamp, please.
Is it better to call the police?
I'd like some jam.
I think I'll go with the limo.
I'd like some green salad.
You can see one at Carnegie Hall.
I am not legally certified.
What time do you wake up tomorrow?
I want to go to an opera house. Where do they hold their concerts?
Can you show me the way to the nearest drug and refreshment store, please?
Will I have to switch rooms if I extend my stay?
Reservation for tomorrow, please.
She hates doing dishes.
He should be back by four o'clock this afternoon.
What is the frequency of tours?
Get me some ketchup.
When can I receive it ready if I order "Standard Service"?
Please report my lost luggage.
I'd like to reserve three seats for tomorrow night's performance of Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
I'd like to stay at your hotel tomorrow night. Can you book a single room?
Is it a long walk?
Can you please exchange it for a larger size with a number?
Three 100s, two 50s, and five 20s, please.
What is the store's signature item?
No, nothing at all.
I would like to leave my luggage.
Will you please sign the invoice and the credit card receipt?
Please change dollars to pounds.
How long will it take to get to the Park Hotel by taxi?
I would like to make an appointment with a doctor.
My purse was stolen while I was making a phone call.
That's interesting. It would be useful for a lot of companies.
My name is Sato. I just called a little while ago. I'd like to check in to the hotel, please.
I would like to have a material to make a face mask.
Can I leave the car at LaGuardia Airport?
Of course not. I'll write to you as soon as I get home. Goodbye, Mr. Nagano.
I'm stuck in traffic, and I don't think I'll be able to make it back in time.
See if there's a table available near the window for seven people tonight.
Do you have any openings?
You don't mind if I come to your house?
I have a lot.
I don't think it's for me.
I would like to send this small package by regular mail to Japan.
A seat on the balcony, please.
I want a seat on the left.
This city is full of green spaces.
Zero three three three eight one four four three three four five.
There seems to be room for improvement.
Do I have to wear evening wear?
 Chianti, please.
She was exceeding the speed limit.
I would like a grapefruit juice.
Where's the subway?
Can you sew my pant legs for me, please?
How much does a triple room without a shower cost?
I'm Mr. Tanaka in room twelve zero nine. I need a set of new bath towels.
Do you have it in a smaller size?
Gently bite your teeth, please.
Where can I get aspirin?
We charge a cancellation fine.
Can you get us two tickets?
That's the minimum price.
The value is six dollars and forty cents.
Can I see the menu, please.
Please give me a pass valid for a week.
How heavy is this luggage?
That's not what I said before.
Where can I find a pay phone?
Scuba diving tour using goggles with a breathing tube, please.
This is my colleague.
Yes, we are open all night.
What kind of gasoline is there, super, regular, unleaded?
I would like to welcome you all here on the occasion of the third annual meeting of one thousand nine hundred and ninety-one.
Who are the actors?
How much will it cost in total?
My name is Elizabeth.
Is there a good place we can watch in three hours?
Where's the baggage claim slip for UA flight eight zero one?
Can a certificate of theft be issued?
When do you want to meet?
Here is one .
The sink is clogged.
We came to America from Japan yesterday.
I'm about to catch a cold.
Where is this seat number?
By the way, do you have travel insurance for this trip?
I intend to stay for five days.
Where's the duty-free shop?
I had an airplane ticket in my bag.
I think I'm going to go to bed.
Here it is a little too wide.
Please let me think for a moment.
Is there a bar nearby where I can go for a drink?
I'll be there in five minutes.
How long has she been living in the United States?
I want a capsule for clothes.
Is there a curfew?
The color is fine, but the size is wrong.
Japanese fireworks.
Can I get front row seats now, or do I have to wait for the next show?
Well, in that case, I guess I'd better try another company.
This tooth hurts.
One more, please.
How do you dress when attending a funeral?
When the red light appears, press the button.
Zero Zero Three, Japan Airlines.
How much does it cost for an hour?
It's closed on Mondays, but any other day would be fine. I think it's open from nine to five.
Good luck, Mr. Suzuki.
I have severe pain in my back.
It's grilled eel with a special broth over a bowl of rice.
Can you recommend a light alcoholic beverage?
I accidentally left my passport somewhere.
Well, I'll order a table for you then, Mr. Kimura.
I want a toy car.
That's very nice.
Overall, how long does it take?
Do I have to stand in line here?
The key that unlocks all doors, please.
I enjoyed talking to you.
Can I buy a ticket at the gate?
 Let's celebrate, he said and took me to a bar. He said he was going to make a phone call, left and never came back, and I was left with a huge bill.
I've been feeling this way since last night.
It's a little after four.
Japan is a fast-paced country.
Please be patient while we look for it.
I have it.
I have a rash. Which medicated cream works best?
Do you think tomorrow's outing will take place indoors?
Yeah, I know some. Are you on a trip?
My name is Yuko Yamaoka. Would you mind adjusting my flight reservation?
I would love to see a comedy that deals with family life.
Would you like coffee or tea?
I'm studying for my Bachelor of Arts, but only part-time.
How much does it cost per gallon?
I had my passport and credit card in my pocket.
What's the specialty of this restaurant?
Sweet dreams.
I was born in a town about a hundred kilometers from here.
It's best to stay in your hotel room for a few days.
I need something to treat my headaches.
It's exactly my size.
This room is very hot.
Are you sure?
Yeah, this one's better. This one's made of cashmere.
Daily necessities.
I dropped my camera on a hard surface.
Can you show me something else?
All I have is fifty dollars.
Is there anything you can't eat?
I dropped a spoon.
Reservations are at seven, under the name Manu.
Uh, thank you. I'd be happy to.
Anything would be good.
I want inexpensive seats, if possible.
A list of food items, please.
Where's the subway?
I see. And where can I catch a bus?
Let's wait for help.
Her name is Ms. Gregson, isn't it?
Wouldn't you like a cup of tea?
Where can I play tennis?
Can you show me where to find the Japanese consulate?
Can you show me that watch?
I'm cooking right now.
What a surprise to meet you at the library.
Do you have tennis rackets for rent?
It depends on which universities you graduated from.
Oh, I understand. It's my fault. I'm sorry.
Is there a hotel doctor or one connected to the hotel.
I want something light.
Two one-way tickets, second class, to Edinburgh, please.
Yes, I'm coming.
I would like a map of the subway lines, please.
I wake up late on Sundays.
He's always shopping on Bond Street.
I often go hiking in the countryside with my family on weekends.
Yes, sir. Is it safe to play this movie?
Now you can take one of mine.
How many days to Tokyo?
English-language newspaper, please.
Please check the bus destination before boarding.
Two for the canteen.
Get here in an hour, please.
Sorry, but everything is booked then.
Is there a place where country music is played?
I would like to review my prized possessions.
I had to send it by airmail.
Yes, we have one overlooking the ocean.
Any other wool products?
The car was yellow in color.
What movies are playing now?
What I miss the most is the hot springs.
Good. Thank you.
How much does one sheet cost?
Yeah, that's good. We'll see you at 6:30.
Of course there is, sir. Would you like to take a look at this brochure?
Yes. This is room two thirty-four. My wife is very sick.
Do you have a belt that matches that?
How many times a month do you play baseball?
I'm sorry, but as long as our views don't coincide, I can't agree to renew the contract.
Good morning, Mr. Cameron. How are you?
My name is Akio Yamada and the flight number is Japan Airlines Zero Two Six to Tokyo.
Please, give me a bottle of cologne.
Can you give me the tax refund form?
Can you turn right?
Okay, press nine and zero one one, then the country code and phone number.
Please show me on this map.
Do you have room for four?
Can I have a Diet Coke?
No sugar. Only cream.
This morning Mr. Kawakami visits a client.
How do I get there? Can you point me to the place on this map?
But you grow vegetables here.
Can I place an order?
Arizona is like a sauna.
Please give me a glass of water.
Sure, you can. But there will be a fifty-dollar drop-off fee.
Is it around here?
Can I take some appetizers, please?
We had a nice drive. Thank you.
Can you change the tire, please?
Is that a hundred and twenty dollars? I think it's expensive. Do you give discounts?
Do you have any Sauternes?
I also want two postcard printers for postcards to Japan.
Please show me your passport and immigration form.
Excuse me. Can I just get this over with?
What do you sell on the second floor?
My car is not available tomorrow.
Is the water warm?
The total population of Japan is about one hundred and thirty million.
May I have my bill?
Yes. As soon as possible. This is an urgent matter.
Do you guarantee quality?
I locked myself out of the room. May I borrow another copy of the key, please?
I would like to rent an umbrella.
Where is there a tourist office?
How do I make a phone call to Japan?
Yes, and I'd like to charge you for the call.
I have two pieces of luggage to review.
It's on the other line.
It's very hot here, and it's very dark.
Where is the artist from?
Let me introduce myself. My name is Goro Yamada.
Excuse me. I dropped the knife. Can you get me another one?
A wallet with a hundred dollars and two credit cards.
The water is too hot.
Where do you play pop songs?
How many ounces?
Oh, no. We had to wear evening wear for the theater.
Is there a bus?
What is the exchange rate?
I have two suitcases and a suit case.
The sheets are dirty.
Great. I have to get out of work for a while.
How many bags do you want to check?
Well, everything can be expensive in contemporary Japanese, but tofu isn't too bad by our standards. And if, on the other hand, you visit a fancier Japanese-style restaurant to experience Kyoto cuisine, you better be prepared to pay a couple hundred dollars per person.
Louder, please.
Now, where's my suitcase? Ah, here it comes.
How much money did you have in your purse?
I really don't know. Can you take my size, please?
Don't forget to bring your passport with you.
Is that all you have?
Of course. I'll arrange to call you at five o'clock tomorrow morning.
Can I see the seating chart in the theater?
I'm sorry, a prepayment is required ninety-nine days in advance.
Do you have a program of activities?
You are here .
Give me a sixteen-millimeter movie with sound capabilities.
He misunderstood me.
He's been so busy lately. Maybe he forgot about it.
Yes, I will. But how much does it cost?
Can you wait here for a second? I'll check for you.
A pot of coffee, please.
Is this the first time this has happened to you?
Highly unlikely.
We'll contact you when your customized charcoal grilled hamburger is ready.
Can you send this package at the price specified in the brochure?
My stomach hurts after meals.
Put some Lucion in my hair, please.
Where are the tennis courts?
Open an extra hole, please.
Do you happen to know anything about my suitcase?
I am the United States.
Is this my size?
I have asthma.
Unfortunately I don't have a reservation, but do you have a table?
No, sir. I'm sorry. We're fully booked.
Good question. I was going to explain that.
I have a throbbing pain in my ear.
I would like to take it.
We're having a little party at my house next week. I wonder if you'll be able to make it with your wife.
Transit passengers, please obtain a transit pass. Our departure time is expected to be twenty-five minutes past five. Please pay attention to the announcement.
I'd like to make time for a 10 o'clock golf game tomorrow.
Can you recommend a place like that?
Oh, some pretzel chips. And can I take a look at the check?
What time is it in London?
How so?
I should not eat food with sugar in it.
So, I guess it will be in your passport. Can you check it, please?
Great, that's a nice place.
How much did he get paid?
I'm a first-year freshman. I don't know how to register myself. Can you help me?
He may have had a respiratory blockage.
I wonder, do you have any tickets to sell on the day of the show?
I will connect you with someone who speaks English.
Really?
I'm sorry to bother you, but please help me.
I'd like to go back to the Grand Hotel.
Have you decided?
I'd like to move on to British Airways flight three-nine-nine.
Do you remember the features of the thief?
What hotel are you staying at?
What time does it start?
My wallet was taken away from me.
I look forward to seeing you again around this time next year.
There was an injury. Please come in immediately.
I have to get off. This is the wrong airplane.
What's the earliest it can be completed?
I'm Leroy.
Hello. This is Yama Shita speaking. I'd like to speak to Mr. Smith.
Do you have a dining car on the train?
My handbag was stolen.
Do you have a room available for the next two nights?
Do you need insurance?
Can you dial the number for me?
Do you have a Japanese magazine?
Do you have any clean ones?
Where can we go surfing?
That's fine.
What time should I call you back?
Do you serve food here?
Tuna wasabi, please.
Uh, okay. I'll take it. Can you wrap it up as a gift, please?
Where's the men's restroom?
I would like a filter.
If you like, we can take a break here.
You can't get away with it.
Can we sit at a table on the balcony?
I lost track of registered mail.
Can you take care of my valuables here?
Please let me know when we reach Hudson Street.
What is your favorite store?
Please contact me at the hotel as soon as you find it.
Do you have any pocket watches?
You can't change your job easily.
Shall I eat this with the sauce?
What's the next stop?
Will I need protection from the cold at the top of the mountain?
Who will make the final decision?
I was thinking about the first week of February. I still have to organize the booking process.
Okay, but not the open seating area. It's a very hot day.
There were also my credit cards in the wallet.
He has a gun.
There are different types of dogs, right?
I would like to see a brand new movie.
I'd like some earrings.
I should not eat food with salt in it.
What time does the next one arrive?
Land here, and transfer to bus number six.
I have to catch the 10:00 a.m. flight.
I have plans.
I still feel like vomiting.
Can you put me in touch with someone who speaks Japanese?
I want chess with all the tools.
I don't want anything that's too big.
To the Continental Hotel, please.
With a little mustard, please.
Will there be a bulletin board with the agenda in the meeting room?
I would have preferred a back room. It's usually quieter.
Account, please.
I want the quietest room you have.
How much does a fresh mushroom cost?
Do you sell duty-free goods on the airplane?
I would like to take my passport from my safety deposit box.
Cost, please. Do you accept Visa?
Today I'm going to see what China Town looks like.
in the number five zero five.
Tickets can be purchased at the theater box office.
Excuse me, but where is the restroom, please?
Which way is north?
Key to room eleven forty-five, please.
Do you see the statue in that building?
Can I get some water?
Yes, I'm sure. It's so delicious that I had more than enough. I enjoyed the dinner very, very much.
Thank you. And then can you show me some sandals in size six and a half (D)?
Please give him first aid.
Is there a mirror?
Where's Gate Twenty-Four?
Take two capsules twice a day.
I don't have enough cash, so I'll pay by credit card.
Don't give up despite the difficulties.
Two zero two nine three nine six seven zero zero zero.
I would like to take this bag with me on the airplane, please.
Can I put my luggage in the back?
Where can I buy a bus ticket?
Do you want to join us?
Can you add cheddar cheese?
So, please fill out this application form and sign it.
I would like five fifty-cent stamps and twenty postcards, please.
How long will it take to get to the Hilton Hotel?
A little bit.
I plan to go sightseeing for half a day this afternoon.
How much does it cost in total?
Quiet room, please.
I'm just calling to thank you for your help during my trip to the U.S.?
I want to pull my teeth out.
We have fifteen national holidays.
I would like a cosmetic bag.
I'm pretty sure I deposited it at the front desk.
I don't know how much money I should leave as a tip.
It's the maid. Do you need anything?
How much does this cigarette cartridge cost?
Where can I watch Phantom of the Opera?
I want to buy souvenirs for my friends. Can you recommend some?
Do you like working here?
No, this is three seven nine three eight four seven two, I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.
Slower, please.
What are your average prices for international faxes each month?
May I have my room key?
Excuse me. Can you tell me which train goes to Hoyler Avenue?
Can you recommend a hotel that is clean and not too expensive?
Maybe this one's a little denser. Do you have a thinner one?
Can I return it if it doesn't fit?
Do you want to send it by airmail or regular mail?
Pick me up on King Street.
Do you have any openings tonight?
I think the bus stop is near here, right?
I'm afraid we're not doing that, sir.
Please speak slowly. I don't understand very well.
Can I try it?
Fried on both sides, please.
Why don't you take me out for coffee?
I order a beer. What kind of beer do you have?
What, they don't give you a toothbrush as a courtesy?
I want three thirty-six millimeter color films.
Are there any buses running on the line?
Oh, that's a little pricey. Do you have anything less expensive?
Sorry, we asked three times to bring our drinks.
How much does a trip to the Tower of London cost?
Well, that seems pretty straightforward. Both of you, please give me your licenses and registrations. And you, son, I'm sorry we have to give you a breathalyzer test.
Can you recommend some places where I can go and come back within a day?
It is heavy .
The street is different from the one we passed yesterday. Is this a shortcut?
How do you spell it?
Not necessarily. I think they've learned to coexist after many years of competition.
By the way, do department stores accept traveler's checks?
Yes, of course. What is your card number and expiration date?
I'd like a jam jar.
Can I rent scuba diving equipment with a goggle with a snorkel. from this shop?
Will you take care of my luggage?
Maybe you should try the H or C Hotel.
When do you raise the curtain?
How do you like your hair?
Start with the Rolling Stones.
Yeah, start with a shrimp salad.
My passport was stolen along with seventy dollars.
What is this unusual building?
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel?
Please call me at six o'clock tomorrow morning. Room fourteen.
Can I pay in yen?
I'm sorry, there are no refunds. You can exchange it for something else.
Where is the university?
She was wearing a blouse and a skirt.
I'm from the United States.
This is a Dallas restaurant.
Please, we would be happy if you contact us at any time.
Can you send it to Japan if I ask for it now?
Can I have turkey on rye? And I'd like more mayonnaise, please.
How long are these tickets valid for?
Do you want to eat out with me?
My wallet and passport were stolen.
He will be ready the day after tomorrow in the evening.
Do you have any plans?
Is there heat?
Where is the theater?
I cut my finger off.
Would you take a hundred bucks for that?
Is this made of cotton?
Does that make sense? I didn't know that a credit card takes at least a month.
Can I take my belongings from my safe deposit box?
I want to change my schedule.
No, you shouldn't do that. Just press the shutter.
You punched me.
When is the end of the tour?
I have my own medicine.
Miami .
Is this my turn?
What can I see on this tour?
Where can I buy traditional artifacts?
It's six dollars. Will you take it?
Yeah, there's a drink at least.
Please, where is the closest restroom near here?
Here are some different types.
Reduce its price.
Goodbye .
How much does this cost per day?
I'd like to check out, please.
I would like to know if he can send me breakfast?
Is it possible to climb a mountain with such light equipment?
Can I have some water?
We'll do our best to get this resolved before tomorrow morning.
Are there cosmetics on the first floor?
Does this bus stop near the hotel?
More than a pack of cigarettes a day.
This is beyond my budget.
Can I have some cigarettes?
Please, I need a doctor in my room.
Forgive me if I'm wrong, but aren't you Rebecca Anderson?
I want a CD.
I'm staying at the Haight Hotel. Please send my luggage to the hotel urgently.
There are flights on JAL and ANA that depart at 10:55 pm. But, unfortunately, both flights are booked up.
Return ticket, please.
Route five is on the right there.
I want a long-sleeved pullover.
There is a bank two blocks ahead.
We will be an hour late.
Where can I check the oil?
Please send this special request.
This is room three, four, five. I'd like some room service, please.
It suits me perfectly.
Can I take this on the plane?
Can we reserve a table for five?
Please, do you have economy class seats on the flight to Tokyo on October 13th?
She doesn't understand English at all.
Back and forth, or back and forth?
I'd like a steak and fries.
It's minced veal seasoned with pepper.
This subdued color is very popular this year.
To go on a diet.
Is there a disco bar in this city?
Where is the registration office for ABC Earlins?
It's on the right there.
Good evening, sir. May I help you?
It's itchy there.
Please give me the change in small change.
We can reserve a seat for you on March 24th.
I understand. How many stops on the way from here to South Station?
I want to change my reservation to JL Zero Zero One on January 3rd.
Please, cash a traveler's check.
Pork loin sandwich with rye bread and a large orange juice, please?
Can I return this?
Hello. This is Tsuneo Suzuki. Can I speak to John Anderson, please?
Mr. Tsuneo Suzuki, would you please fill out this registration card? What kind of room would you like?
That's good. Please enter your phone number as well.
My passport expires in two weeks.
This skin is very thin and scratches easily, so pay close attention.
Congratulations. I hear you're expecting a baby.
What is the number of the hotel's housekeeping department?
The brake light is not working.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are making final preparations to leave immediately, and we will be leaving in a few minutes.
Is there a fast lane?
Can you take care of her from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.?
Are you Irish?
I recommend a necklace.
Please issue a medical certificate and an insurance receipt.
Can you bring it to me at nine o'clock?
Does the discount take effect now?
Why don't we go to Buckingham Palace today?
How much does airmail to Japan cost?
Please, tell me again.
I wish I were you.
I like fruits very much, except for figs.
Can I come in?
Not far away?
Well, I hope to go back to Japan and get a good job at a leading bank.
Please open this.
Where is the nearest sporting goods store?
I'd like the form signed by the manager, please.
I want to arrive in Los Angeles between noon and two o'clock.
Can I see a brochure of places worth visiting?
One hundred and seventy pounds per person as a whole.
Please take me to the Four Seasons Hotel.
I'm locked out. Can you open my door, please?
Can I come at ten o'clock on Wednesday?
Do you have the same thing in a different color?
Where was she stolen? You know, if a girl tries to fight back, it's more dangerous.
Please give me a first aid kit.
You can't take this luggage with you.
Well, that depends on the traffic, you know. The traffic is very heavy this afternoon.
I would like to invite you to my house on Sunday.
Can I take my medicine here?
I only speak Japanese.
We open at ten and close at six.
My wife and I would like to open a joint savings account.
We ask that you please wear a tie.
Haircut and shampoo please.
I can't believe you're really forty.
Do I have to change buses to get there?
Who's at the end of the line?
What is the best tour to see the most famous places?
I'm sorry, Mr. Shimada, Mr. Russell is outside.
Where is the emergency exit door?
Could you repeat that, please?
He will be ready the day after tomorrow morning.
Does the bus to Boston leave at 9:30 p.m.?
Let me take care of your luggage.
Do you have any onion soup?
I know exactly how you feel.
When does this museum close?
The driver charged me an exorbitant fare. What should I do?
Is this area safe for women?
Let's talk about specific issues.
Are there Japanese-speaking flight attendants?
Sold out.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Yes, I booked with ABC Tours.
We want to play for an hour at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
Can you wait here for a moment?
How many bags can I bring on an airplane?
We have a lot of snow here.
There are also many types of instant ramen. A cup of ramen can be made in three minutes after adding boiling water.
Please wash this.
What is the porter's wage?
What product added the most to your sales growth last year?
Two adults and one child, please. By the way, what does parental guidance mean for a 15-year-old?
He gave his short intervention a deceptive look.
I'd appreciate it if you could tell me when we're coming down.
Can I buy stomach pills here without a prescription?
Looks like someone took my luggage.
I filled the tank.
No, sir. This afternoon is fully booked. However, it can be booked for tomorrow.
Please put your luggage in the trunk of the truck.
I'll go and ask the doorman for the right price.
Yes, there will be an English-speaking guide.
When do we get off the highway to go to Laguna Beach?
How long have you been learning English?
How do I configure this flash?
Nice to see you again. Thank you for inviting us.
Great. Get in my car. I'll take you to the best gynecologist in town.
I'm going to wear this, so please wrap this for me.
Excuse me, can I change my seat?
I'd like some cold medicine, please.
Where is the airline office where I will continue my flight?
Do you have a larger size?
I want a jug of white wine.
Where do I buy it?
I'll take three of them.
Are you going to log me out before I dive in?
Is it a direct flight?
Who said that?
I want to hire a Japanese-speaking guide.
Do you take an ABC card?
I don't remember where I left it.
I'm really sorry.
I have a cough with phlegm.
I make the mistake of taking things that are labeled in Japanese.
We're having a party Friday night. Why don't you join us?
We will have to wait at least half an hour.
Well, your room, miss, is number nine zero eight. Here's your key.
I want frequent lighting.
I found a crack here in the house. Can I change it?
It is very important that we have access to the raw materials we need for the project.
I don't remember where.
I have constant pain that is not severe.
How long is this visa valid?
I have to send this suit to the dry cleaners.
I don't like this room.
Yes. This is the key to my room.
Excuse me, officer?
Is this train going straight to Edinburgh?
I'd like two first class round-trip tickets to Boston, please.
Does this fall under the tax-free threshold?
Can I have another pillow?
If possible, a table near the window, please.
Tell me about the rules.
I want a red one.
Is the area safe?
Take out my valuables, please.
Would you mind writing a diagnosis for me?
My handbag was stolen from me in front of the hotel near here.
That's my pleasure.
Are you sure this calculation is correct? Please check it again.
There are some rough waves today.
I can't taste anything.
I want to tour Mexico for a week.
It hasn't been sent yet.
Can I eat the meal after I fall asleep?
What time is Iftar?
Does it come with an instruction sheet?
Please, write it here.
You can buy a ticket with a thousand yen note from this machine.
Excuse me. Is there a pay phone around here?
Can I sit next to you?
I'm not quite sure. It could be this evening.
What are the crowds like on these tours?
I feel sick. Can you give me something, please?
How much does it cost to send this picture postcard?
Work .
I would like to buy some souvenirs. Is there a good store here?
I was knocked down by a stranger.
We help users get the most out of the goods they buy.
Can I have two hamburgers?
How long does it stay open?
Where can I get a brochure?
Please, can you cash this $300 traveler's check?
How do I find the building where your office is located?
Do you have any right-hand drive cars?
I want a gift for a child.
Please, I'll confirm it for fifty pounds.
He's outside right now.
Mayumi, would you mind filling out this paper with your signature?
It's at the end of this hallway.
I've been involved in developing new products.
You have to put me on another flight.
How much does that cost, including tax?
What does it look like?
Thank you. I appreciate it. You see, I'm interested in Australian soap operas.
He's harassing me.
Is it you? Well, you'd better take a taxi and tell the driver just Grayline City Terminal. It won't take more than a forty-minute walk.
I go to the beauty center once every three months.
I want another room.
How is dinner served so quickly?
Is this the number nine zero zero eight one seven seven two six? Sorry, I must have dialed the wrong number.
Do you have anything to eat?
I usually leave home for school at eight o'clock.
Now I have an idea.
What's special about this season?
How far is the fishing pier?
I'm tempted to go home now and get some rest.
Where is the nearest supermarket?
Let's say I drive a Mercedes over 10,000 miles and then sell it to you. How many dollars would I get?
I put a reserved sticker on your ticket.
Is there a slaughterhouse for beginners?
I part my hair here.
Can you suggest a better plan?
What letters for me?
Will this flight leave on time?
I ordered two cokes fifty minutes ago. How come?
Can I get a refund on this?
Here's one, sir.
I don't have luggage to check.
I think we're going in the wrong direction.
Excuse me, can you recommend another hotel?
See that restaurant over there?
I'd love to, but I'm busy right now.
I'll give it to you specially for two hundred and thirty dollars, then.
I want to iron this suit.
What are the fees that will be charged for this?
Can you make a switch?
What a beautiful day. Do you usually have such beautiful days at this time of year?
I'd like to rent a snowmobile.
Sure, make yourself comfortable.
How beautiful. I hear it's a beautiful country.
How much is the fare?
I'm here on a media mission.
Where would you like us to bring your luggage when we find it?
It's a matter of customs. In Japan, they used to have a moral code that never allowed a boy to sit next to a girl after they were seven years old.
Thirteen dollars and forty-six cents, including tax. Cash or check?
Please try again later.
Are you expecting any cancelations?
Please tell me where my seat is.
Do you have movies for the summer?
Excuse me. Could you take a picture for us, please?
Yes, it is. Please show me some shirts.
Yes, I will. I like swimming better.
Who is the sculptor?
Does this dress fit me?
How far does the limo travel to get there?
It takes twenty minutes to get to the station.
I had a lovely stay. Thank you .
Show me the shirt in the display case.
When is the next train to Washington, D.C.?
We had a similar experience in the past.
This is my ticket.
Hello. What can I get you?
How long does it take to send airmail to Japan?
Can you check it for me?
It's too tight.
Can I get a receipt?
I want to stay for less than a hundred dollars.
Can we look for fee-exempt shops?
Long clothes are in fashion right now.
I want you to hold my bags for me until three o'clock.
How far is it to the beach?
I need a first aid kit.
Please give me the number to call in case of an emergency.
Are there any buses going to Glade Hall?
How do you do? I'm Hirokosuke. May I know your name?
Do you like Japanese food more as well?
Please record this speech.
Where is the nearest grocery store?
I will return to Japan next Monday.
Yes. Eighty pounds a night, plus tax.
Here's your menu. The waitress will be right here. Enjoy your dinner.
I would like to speak to Mr. Jojo in room three zero six.
Where is the entrance to the subway?
Can I get a metro map?
It was unclear.
Is there a bank inside this station?
She doesn't fit me.
I want vodka.
I'd like to get out of the car in San Francisco.
Can you ask him to call me on my account when he gets back?
I'm just kidding. As a matter of fact, I just want to buy new shoes. Excuse me, where are the ladies' shoes?
You didn't bring me my salad, sorry.
Is it a long way?
I need it before Friday.
Yes, it is. One moment, please.
On vacation .
Is your watch on?
Who is the manager?
Is that spicy?
How much did you spend in total?
Could you please explain these switches to me?
That's great. Are you going to speak English or Japanese?
Is it safe to install this movie?
I have five boxes of cigarettes.
Can you tell me the size that fits me?
Can you replace this one with a new one?
I'm sorry. I got lost. Can you show me the way to the station?
How big is Japan?
No, I don't have much time. Just packing .
From San Francisco to Narita.
Are there any doctors who speak Japanese?
Can I have a teapot?
Can I take a taxi there?
Two people .
The width of the river is more than a hundred meters.
That's not exactly my size.
Where can I get my luggage back?
I don't feel comfortable. Can I recline my seat?
It's great to play tennis in such a picturesque place.
I would like to book a hotel room for the night.
You see the metro sign there.
Do you guys work on Sundays?
Can you issue me a replacement card?
I'm really sorry.
When will this movie be ready?
Is there a good disco nearby?
I'll take one red and one white.
I want a wide-angle lens.
Uh, just a few days. There's so much I want to see, and I don't think there's enough time.
Which line to Manhattan?
How long is the break between the first semester and the second semester?
I crossed a red line.
This boy ran in front of my car.
Eleven o'clock and forty-five minutes in the morning.
Can you recommend a favorite restaurant among the guys?
His car was traveling at full speed.
Show me my men's wallet.
Can you look at it to be sure?
Can I leave a message? I'm calling to confirm my appointment with Mr. Ebert next Wednesday at 11:00 a.m.
I need a hairdresser.
I need it tomorrow.
I need it at five o'clock in the evening.
But we can't use them for anything except self-defense.
I need a doctor. Can you introduce me to one?
Rice cake is a type of traditional Japanese food.
Thank you for your help.
Do you have anything more casual?
I have to be at the airport at 10:30.
I want dinner.
Can you somehow describe your illness to me in English?
The unrelenting pain travels from my ears to my neck.
There is no way I can apologize.
I ordered a vegetarian meal.
Is there a Chinese restaurant nearby?
Can you send a taxi to the main entrance of Westminster Mall?
Are you staying in New York long term?
I would like a telegraph form, please.
Can I get stamps for seven postcards to Japan?
Is this bus going to Disneyland?
Absolutely, go up.
We have tickets for regular cars and Green Cars. Which one do you want?
I lost my watch.
Who are you planning to go with?
Where are you going?
The use of flash is prohibited.
How many times will I have to change trains to get there?
I would like to rent this model of car for three hours.
I had a great time this evening, thank you.
How do you use this in cooking?
How much does this cost including tax?
Is that right? Let me check. Oh, I'm so sorry, Ms. Takanao. It's our fault. Here's your new bill. Would you be so kind as to sign here, please?
I need an incident report.
I don't want any hair spray.
I'll definitely put it in the trunk.
How much is the switch fee?
Yes, absolutely. Are you staying three nights?
Can you take my measurements?
Would you wrap it up for me, please?
Your change is five dollars, please.
How much is this?
I don't know the British sizes.
Do you really prefer it?
Please show me your contract. The total fee will be two hundred dollars.
Can I see your boarding pass?
I want a single room.
The bathtub stopper does not fully close.
Put your bags here, screening is for one bag only.
I feel like sleeping for a while.
It's just a token of my appreciation.
Can you fill out this form?
Which pier is he leaving from?
Can I get two auditoriums for the evening?
What about these plastic models?
Close to the stage?
The price on the invoice is the same as the price on the pricing card.
What brands do you have?
The heel is too high for me.
Call an insurance company, please?
How about five? I don't need much.
I left my coat here.
Lock the door from the inside and I'm out of the room.
Pencil the ends after the permanent wave, please.
The seat is broken.
I want to buy a Kodak self-returning thirty-six picture film.
Where is the largest department store nearby?
Your name, please.
Chicken, please.
I have a problem. When I was walking down the street, my wallet was stolen. Where is the police station?
Please do not smoke at this time.
We are now near Sydney, Route Thirty-Two.
I would like to stay longer.
Is this self-service?
Of course. What is it?
How long were you in Paris?
I arrived here on British Airways flight number one five two.
Can I get stamps for three airline postcards to Japan?
It was founded in one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, but the facade with marble columns was built in one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.
Can I take your order?
To be precise, hundreds of thousands of them, Mr. Curio. In this cellar alone we have about eight hundred thousand bottles.
That's right. I would really enjoy seeing him again.
Yes, but you will have to pay an additional fee.
How long have you been doing this?
I would like to take the same flight on July 1st.
It's spelled G.O.R.O.H.
Would you like a drink?
Lie down here.
Make it an urgent telegram, please.
Is that an express train?
What is the approximate fare to Square Park, Washington?
I can't reach the zipper on the back.
Is BA flight number two zero five on the schedule?
Can you recommend a good book for a fifteen-year-old?
Good food?
How do I get back to Grand Central Station?
This little lipstick is so adorable. I'll take that, please.
Is this the United Airlines baggage claim?
The number is three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, zero, one, two.
I want a small bed.
This is the wrong newspaper.
I am eight years old.
Would you like to leave a message?
I have a vaginal infection.
I'm looking for makeup tools.
Does the bill include the service charge?
Any other cotton ones?
Would you like some pepper, please?
According to the weather report, tomorrow will see snow.
If my luggage does not arrive tomorrow, I will move to another hotel in a couple of days.
Do you have any Californian wines?
If you have a Japanese yen, I want the rest of it.
I want a ball.
I'm very grateful to you.
Please stay within the thirty-foot dive radius.
No. Something to put on the body.
I need a private mentor.
Take a penalty.
Hello. May I speak to Jan? This is Mayumi Yamaguchi speaking.
Uh, hello there. You've reached GW Industries. Our business hours are between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. If you know the extension of the party you are calling, please dial the number now. If you are calling from a touch-tone phone, please dial the name of the party you wish to call.
What's so special about this house?
Do you have any pointy toe shoes?
I left my bag on the train.
My eyes are weakening.
Can I attach this letter to it?
One person appears to have been involved.
I need some rubber bands.
It's not my fault, but it's your fault.
Please stop at the main entrance of the hotel.
Would you change that, please?
The view was really beautiful.
Absolutely. We'd be happy to do that.
Do you have modern watches?
Her hair was wavy and black.
Can I have a lamp, please?
Hey, Malaysian comic book. I'll buy one to take home as a conversation piece.
I had a headache when I woke up this morning.
Can you suggest any other places worth visiting?
Mr. Thomas, let me introduce my friend Mary Jones.
I'm hungry, too. Why don't we eat somewhere?
I would like to ask you about point number three. Am I right in thinking that I have to pay by wire transfer?
Thank you. Oh, that's beautiful. What's that?
I need a wake-up call.
I'd like to cancel my appointment with Mr. A.
My breakfast hasn't arrived yet. Would you please hurry up?
Let's see. Let me get an English newspaper.
It's so beautiful here, isn't it?
I hear the ship was wrecked by a tropical cyclone.
Yes. My name is Sato.
What kind of goods do you want?
I like it very, very much. However, I regret that I don't prefer the design. What about the other designs?
I'm so sorry. I'll replace it. Which one did you want?
What is the hourly rate?
Yes, I enjoyed it.
I would like a VAT form, please.
Let's take a shortcut.
Fifty cents per bag, sir.
Someone snatched my wallet from me.
The road to success is really Genmiyaku?
Can you recommend a hotel that's not too expensive?
Keep quiet or I'll shoot.
I will arrive at your hotel around nine o'clock in the evening.
Not yet. I'll have a cheeseburger and a medium iced tea.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Wrong change here.
How much is it worth in total?
I would like to announce this bottle of wine.
I'll sign off, please.
My camera is not working properly, could you please check it?
It's my friend's birthday. Do you have anything special?
Did you get stuck in traffic?
I have about two thousand five hundred dollars in Japanese yen.
Did he call the chef to explain it?
It's likely to be at least thirty-five dollars.
Can you give me real estate?
Is someone sitting here?
I need a seat on the 8pm flight to Los Angeles.
It's a little too big. Can I try the next smaller size?
Go this way. Give this to the hotel upon arrival. Here's a map of the city. Have a nice stay.
Yes, we do. I'll show you some.
Please prepare the report as I can file a compensation claim with the insurance company.
I need some sleeping pills.
Can you wrap it up?
I finally found a job where I could utilize my talents.
I'll be here until nine. I hope you can catch the culprit as soon as possible.
Yes, I'm looking for a coat.
Are there any additional fees?
Will you change it?
No, for taxi drivers, they are either more or less honest.
Can we leave now?
The gum is very bitter.
Can I close the window?
But everything comes with piles of potatoes that look greasy. I'm starting to miss the rice and miso soup.
Can you give the line to someone who speaks Japanese?
Someone else's luggage was moved to my room.
Yeah, walk two blocks. You'll find it on your right.
I want to see Trinity Church.
Tokyo is the center of fashion.
What's playing at the Opera House on Friday night?
I had an astrological crisis.
She seasoned the stew with garlic.
I prefer sci-fi movies to love stories.
Let me check the dollar-yen exchange rate today. One moment, please.
This is the video I recorded for my friend.
Five tens, ten fives and the rest in quarters, please.
I want to buy some bags.
We'll spend a week camping and enjoying ourselves this summer.
I swim and train at a bodybuilding gym once a week.
I'm sure the criminal is close by.
Flight UA Eight Five Three.
Ten stamps please.
I got a sore throat.
This will take two hours and the service fee is ninety-nine dollars.
What are your favorite shoes?
Why did you go to New York last year?
I need some souvenirs from New York.
I'm from Germany. I stayed in Las Vegas for three days before coming here.
I want to go by sea, but how are the cabins?
Hey, I feel like I've been down this street before.
Would you mind moving breakfast up an hour?
If I leave the movie now, when will the images be ready?
Is there another bookstore that sells them?
Just some stomach medication.
What's the name of the station I'm staying at?
Compulsory education is six years of elementary and three years of middle school
How about two?
I'm checking out of the hotel. Can you send a servant upstairs?
Cruise missiles . What were they used for?
Do you have Jack Daniel's whiskey?
Are they selling alcohol in the store?
Can I hire a tennis coach?
Is the bus to El Paso leaving on time?
Is there a sleeper car?
Would you clear my table, please?
My watch stopped.
I was talking to Mr. Douglas from the sales department and the line went dead.
No, we haven't, but there is a letter for you.
I enjoyed it. Thank you.
Oh, is it? How do you like it?
His taste is great, but it wouldn't hurt if they tried to make it look more elegant.
When is it time for a root canal?
Sounds good. I'd like to join the tour. How much does it cost?
I dropped this camera and the shutter broke.
Can I continue the journey?
We have to go to platform number one to get on the Xiu Line.
I can have it ready for you in about fifteen minutes. Do you want to wait, or will you stop by later?
When is the next bus coming?
Where can I place an order?
What documents do I need to enter the United States?
By the way. The new Kansai International Airport was also completed in one thousand nine hundred and ninety-four.
Do you sell bread?
We open at nine in the morning.
It's very good, thanks.
Is this for real?
Can I see the menu?
Do you have an appetite?
I want you to make me a new hat.
I need medicine for nausea.
This ticket is for a seat in the auditorium. But you're sitting in the balcony.
Tsutomu's name.
Does this train go to New York?
We guarantee that you will receive all goods within two weeks once we receive your order.
All right. Start .
Is that a thistle pipe?
Do I wear it to the left?
Is it farther than we can walk?
I want a room with a shower.
How much do you charge for a ride?
Here are old coins, excavated pottery, a bronze jug, and a thousand other things.
I want a coloring book.
Can I have some mineral water?
We want to hit.
My room is very noisy.
I think I'm getting airsick.
How do I get to the Delta Airlines office to connect between flights?
Should I go to a Japanese bank?
Please try again.
You have to change money from the bank.
Oh, you shouldn't have. Thank you. This is exactly what I wanted.
I'll call you when I'm free.
Does this train stop at every station?
The watches in this category are suitable for everyday use, while the ones in this category are more expensive.
Try it on, it's a regular size thirty-eight.
I cut myself.
I hear you have a waiter who speaks Japanese.
What is your disability?
Can I make a reservation?
Are you sure? I thought the shape of this wine bottle was used for Burgundy.
This is my husband.
Uh, no, thanks. I was just watching.
Yes, it was very good. Thank you.
Yes. I'll put you in touch with Mrs. Daudet.
Can I try this?
Do we have enough time to check out?
I'm allergic to eggs.
I would like to draw your attention to the upper right section of the paper I just gave you.
Your husband is one of our best customers.
at the Hilton Hotel. The room number is three zero five.
The sunset is spectacular from here.
I imagine you're worried about the delivery date.
I'd like a pencil sharpener, please.
I lost one of my contact lenses.
Do you know a good dentist?
Tell me, Adrian, don't you think this robe is a little loose, you know?
Oh, you should notify the consulate immediately.
This is for her.
Shaken, not stirred.
Is this the gateway to Paris?
Show it to me on a map.
I hear there are good jazz clubs.
Would you like a table in the main restaurant or a private room, sir?
What is the nearest station to Lincoln Center?
What is the deadline to arrive at the review desk for this flight at the airport?
A large number of people go to the beach during the season.
Do you know the name of the elegant lady dancing with Mr. Cole?
I love you . You belong to me .
I weigh about one hundred and fifty pounds.
I would like to get a map of the subway.
I'd like to buy six ties. Can you give me a discount?
Where should I move to?
Oh, I think they're calling you Cal.
I'll take an umbrella just in case.
Where is the lost and found desk?
Is there a bus that goes directly there?
From which platform does the Little Express train leave for Washington?
Is that a flower shop next to the hotel?
I'm looking for running shoes.
Do you have makeup kits?
What track does this train leave from?
I don't need all that. I just need one.
Do I need special treatment?
Will I pay in cash or will it be added to the bill?
Was Mr. Jones serious when he said he would retire soon?
I have a cold.
We moved into this house a year ago.
Do you know a Chinese restaurant called Dragon here?
Call an ambulance quickly.
This is a sample pack, is that okay with you?
I'd like to make another reservation then.
All of them. Opponent, please.
Please change the light bulb.
He is there .
Are there any letters in the package? What's in it?
Yes, you can. The room is ready. Write your name and address here, please.
Where is this place?
How long are my legs?
How long will it take for my visa to be issued?
Where are the rest rooms?
Nothing serious.
Do I need a fishing license?
The total amount requested is two hundred and forty-three pounds, ma'am.
If I use my credit card, can you reimburse me?
This is a gift, can you wrap it for me in pretty wrapping paper?
Don't open any of my messages.
The fourth block after Starbuck's Cafe.
I want something more sober.
Can the battery be changed?
Can you hang my jacket on the hook, please?
The food at the neighboring table looks good.
Does it have a large trunk?
Can I take care of him?
That's too bad. Please take care of yourself.
What a view. It's a very beautiful trail.
Here comes the hot dog man.
People have been injured.
Excuse me. Where's the station here?
I would like a heavy coffee.
I have health insurance.
Are you married or single?
Please call me a taxi. I want to go back to the hotel.
How much should I pay per hour?
The advantage of this hallway is that we can see the entire theater from it.
This skin?
When is the login deadline?
There was a big earthquake this morning.
Give me a little change on this dollar bill, please.
Nine, three, nine, six, seven, zero, zero.
There were two young men.
We love this wine very much. I hope you enjoy it.
Is there a tour in the afternoon?
Yes, we have a reservation for you.
It's fried alligator meat. It's very tasty, a little crispy.
I like to eat raw lobster.
Please bring me breakfast at seven.
Can you give me a headache medicine?
Someone will leave tomorrow.
The price is ninety-nine dollars plus tax per night.
My name tag on the bag.
Excuse me, I want to go to my hotel in the city by bus. Where can I take a bus?
Will this work on 100 volts?
Chicken, please.
Do you know what the prescription is for your lenses?
Do I have to change buses to get to Lincoln Center?
I need some vitamins.
Hold on, please. I'll see if there are any.
Check your tires, please.
Can I bend the back of the seat?
In spring, the cherry blossoms in the courtyards of some Buddhist temples are very attractive, while in autumn the colorful foliage in Arashimaya is breathtaking next to the fresh air and clear river.
Where is it located?
This is room two zero one. I want to order breakfast tomorrow.
What vacations are there in Japan?
I feel uncomfortable. Please fix it as soon as possible.
I'll send you this photo. Your name and address, please.
Please call me Midori.
I'm going to study science at university.
What do you think about sexual harassment in the workplace?
Will it all be on the same canvas?
Thief .
What color do you like?
Thank you. How late can I get room service?
I need some shoe polish.
My throat is sore.
Where can I find the music guide?
Sorry I'm late.
Please cut my hair an inch above my eyebrows.
Where is the bag claim sheet?
Can you give me a prescription?
I want a seat today.
I'd like some fruit juice, please.
We have to make the most of it.
I want to book a seat to Boston. Can I take the seat today at 3:30 p.m.?
I want to book a seat to Seattle.
We have a different sense of values.
I should say at the outset that I am not an expert on this subject, nor do I represent any governmental organization. What I am about to tell you is entirely my personal opinion. I welcome the expression of an opinion with this reservation.
Let's do a blood test.
I lost them yesterday afternoon.
Let's eat a simple lunch.
What kind of lipstick do you have?
What time does the next train to Philadelphia leave?
Not too short. But well trimmed.
I want to make an international call. Please dial three, four, six, three, eight, one, three, three in Tokyo.
This fish is overcooked.
No, unfortunately. He needs something more powerful.
Exchange this for dollars, please.
I'm not from here.
Would you like to take a look at this brochure?
Algae does not stick to the moving stone.
I have two sisters.
You told me the tariff was two dollars at the airport.
Please take me to the theater.
Round trip, please.
It shouldn't have been so much like this.
Do you want to watch a movie or something?
It's not my fault.
No, I don't. Do I see another one?
Flight number two zero eight, to Tokyo.
I want to leave the hotel.
How long will it last?
How long does it take to walk to Soho?
Where do we drop off your bags when we retrieve them?
There is one on the other side of the road.
Fifteen dollars for a diagnosis. I'll give you the prescription.
Do you have a fax service?
Which is colder in winter, Japan or Australia?
How much does it cost?
Four convenient doors.
So let's lining it from the inside.
No thanks, I'd like the check, please.
I am an intern.
Just because it's a discounted ticket, it can't be.
I want a novel written in English that is not difficult.
It would be disruptive to get sick, so if I were you I wouldn't go there.
Do you have your receipt?
I think there's a mistake on this bill.
Something urgent came up and he couldn't make it.
Let's get together to discuss it further.
Excuse me, can you change this amount?
We will need to book you on another flight.
Is this 100% pure leather?
I was in a car accident at Ocean Avenue and 12th Street.
How would you like your hair styled today?
What are the times to serve breakfast?
Change to a local train in Phoenix.
Is it going to be a nice day?
I want to send a postcard. Can I get a stamp?
I've gone snorkeling about ten times.
We want a room overlooking the pool.
Can you send it to Japan?
You look tired.
He was born in one thousand nine hundred and sixty.
I'm afraid the sleeves are too long.
Sorry, I can't.
I want to go to Boston.
Do you have Aramis cologne water for sensitive skin?
Give me more bread, please.
Can you put it another way?
Give me time to think about it.
I will use what you have.
There is no confirmation signature.
We want a table near the theater.
Can I have some jam?
How about this? It's only a hundred dollars. It's worth every cent.
Can we have a meal?
I'm good. Well, are you going somewhere?
I'm looking for a pair of leather shoes.
In the morning yes, but in the afternoon it gets cloudy.
Do we have to book in advance?
Keep the line open, please?
I wouldn't count on it.
Dinner won't be served until seven. Now there are only drinks.
Say it again?
I'm going to bed. Can you bring my meal later?
We are celebrating the new year after the previous one passed peacefully.
It's two thousand four hundred meters high.
Is there a police office nearby?
Come in. Please put it on the table over there.
My blue jacket is missing.
Please cancel my card number.
Pay me .
I'll take you there.
Do you know a pharmacy with Japanese medicines?
There is a good record store nearby.
I'm here on vacation.
L? I don't enjoy watching other people play. I like to play myself.
This is not possible.
Roll up your sleeve, please.
We can't do that here.
Which way did he turn?
I'm pretty sure I gave you a fifty-dollar bill.
We can't change currencies.
Call Chicago please, eight seven seven seven six five zero seven.
Turn left at the flashing light.
Where is the nearest dressmaker?
Sorry we're out of stock, but we'll be back in a few days.
Can I have a popcorn, please.
Two first class tickets, please.
Can I have some coffee?
The bus will bring you back here at six.
Where is this?
I don't have an appointment, but it's urgent.
It's poorly made.
Where is the elevator?
I want to go somewhere nice.
No, you can't sell it at such a high price.
Can I find it easily?
We have access to multiple varieties of imported goods from well-known brands.
Where can I play roulette?
Do you have a safe deposit box?
I'm glad you did. Please send my warmest regards to your family.
Please call a taxi at ten o'clock in the morning.
I'd love to, but I have to go. I might miss the last train. It's been a pleasure talking to you.
I wonder how they make it?
Please treatments for dry skin.
Please deposit seventy-five cents for three minutes.
Do you have a brochure about the offers?
Where is the subway entrance?
Please tell me the account after the call.
Should I wear formal attire?
I lost my airplane ticket.
I'm just watching. Thank you.
What is the opening time of this botanical garden?
Excuse me, I'm lost. Where's the exit door?
Would you like me to tell you?
This is for you .
Have you ever been to New York?
These are personal belongings.
What is this fabric?
What time is the ride?
Take the high-speed train on Line N to Canal Street. Then change to line (R).
I am a teacher .
I have a Master of Science degree from Kyoto University.
Give me fifteen gallons of two-star fuel, please.
I was surrounded by kids who stained my clothes with ice cream, and then my wallet disappeared.
The actor is really great.
This is my green card.
Where's the lifeguard?
I see. Thank you very much.
In the past, that day was used to celebrate the rice harvest.
Well, I would like to copy this report.
Do you have something light?
I'd like to narrow it by five centimeters.
I would like to book a private room in a sleeper car.
We have a large selection of desserts including cakes and ice cream.
No, thank you. Just tell him I called and I'll call again later this afternoon.
Can't you stay here on vacation?
Do you have a map of the routes to take?
Oh, sorry I bothered you.
Can you make a reservation at the show?
It's hot. Can you guys do something?
Is there a public restroom nearby?
What is the name of this plant?
Nonsense .
Walking hurts .
I was chased by a trigger-happy tumbler fish.
Please go away.
Don't shoot.
You can place your bags under your seat on the floor.
Is the meter working?
Our seats are (c) fifteen and (c) sixteen. Can you show us the seats?
Is there a room available tonight?
Have a good trip.
Two tickets for tomorrow.
Where to, sir?
I'd like to borrow it, if you don't mind.
Excuse me, please.
What is gross?
What's the soup of the day?
That's very good. And now the questions, please.
I want to get something for my husband.
What is this wrapped in white paper?
What is the name of this fruit?
Do you have any change for the parking meter?
I don't remember where I left them.
I will visit him tomorrow.
I would like to check the departure time.
I think the weather will be better tomorrow.
Vienna .
There is no place to put luggage.
I would like to book two seats for New York on August 3rd.
It was more than I could eat.
What are people saying about this meeting?
Our best-selling product over the past four years has been the Model A copier. X4-5-0.
I want to hire a Japanese-speaking guide for half a day.
That one right there. Oh, the buses don't run on Sundays.
Waiter . Check, please.
Did you get the date?
Certainly, sir, and what about an appetizer?
I lost my passport somewhere.
The Port Authority charges nine dollars and fifty cents. The hotel takes eleven dollars.
Where's the PowerPoint program?
It was nice of you to show me the city.
The room is really cold.
Do you have green tea?
Did he turn left?
We want to spend thirty dollars per person.
Yes, thank you.
How about going to the beach with me on Sunday?
Someone hit my car while I was parking it.
The survey showed that fourteen percent of respondents would buy a product like ours if the price was less than fifty thousand yen.
Is there a beauty shop here?
The correct time is now seven twenty-eight minutes in the morning.
Are there any Japanese-speaking flight attendants?
How many stops before we get to the aquarium?
I want a quiet restaurant.
Who was the architect?
At the box office at the entrance to the theater.
Great price, right?
Can I move my seat back?
How far is it to get to Boston?
What is the Mark exchange rate?
Hello. This is the long-distance operator. What number would you like to call?
I hit a person.
How many days does it take for airmail to arrive?
You must take it ninety-nine times a day, before meals.
Well, you've got it, so hurry up and go.
Let's take a taxi to the restaurant.
I'm hurting .
Please take my bag.
I want to book on Japan Airlines flight number one to Tokyo on the 10th.
Processing cost is subject to change.
I got wet in the rain.
This statement of accounts is wrong.
I really like it.
Look at the lip trace, huh?
Try Hertz in the other office.
Okay, cool.
How long has it been like this?
Is there a Chinese restaurant nearby?
Yes, this is Sugako Miyanishi, room three zero three.
Who did he issue this receipt to?
What's in the theater?
This size here, in this drawing.
I want a tripod.
Damn it. I should have bought it when I had the chance.
I want a sports jacket.
What will I see if I follow that path?
Sorry, I didn't realize you were coming today.
I don't blame you for feeling angry.
I agree . I'd like to go looking for accessories tomorrow.
I hear the word "rinjisho" used a lot in Japan. What does it mean?
Rent skis and high heels, please.
Do you have a pen?
You can stay at my house.
Can you deliver this dress to my hotel after adjusting the length?
I'm looking for dresses.
Can I move the back of my seat back, please.
I need a UV filter.
That's great. I was looking for a taxi, but this is better.
Happy New Year.
Great coat . Is it British-made?
Do I pay an upfront payment?
Put it on the scale, please. It's three dollars and thirty-five cents.
Wrap these individually, and put a ribbon on each one, please.
Isn't there a minibar?
Where is the nearest clothing store?
Do you have any other products specific to your country?
Are you taking the cream?
I want to go to the Harvard Center. Can you let me know when we get there?
Does this bus go to Green Park?
Where to meet?
I can't turn the key in my door lock.
Please give me three bottles of Scotch whisky.
Can you wrap it as a gift?
This number no longer exists.
Two adults and two children, please.
Remember to fill the car with gasoline before you return it.
How much per gallon?
Can you get me a pot of coffee?
Can I stay and use the facilities longer?
I'm lost. Do you know where the A Hotel is? P.B. ABC Hotel?
Non-smoking section, please.
Give me a room key though nine zero two, please.
Do you take this card?
I put money in but nothing came out.
We want seats near the window.
Nice of you to give me your time.
Do you have a card with the address of the hotel on it?
I want to order breakfast.
Do you not have another shade of color in this pattern?
There are two types, this and that.
What is the price?
No, I'm afraid not.
I want room service.
Where can I register for international service?
Star Wars was the most popular movie of the year.
Can I put my luggage here?
Oops, the zipper is open.
Can you lend me some tools, please?
Where is the non-smoking section?
"T" as in Tom, yes, here I have it right here, Taro.
Not yet. Can you give us a few more minutes?
Could you please tell me about the transportation system here? I like to travel around the country.
How long until we get to Sydney?
Where can I take a bus to go to Boston?
Do you have the same earrings but in other colors?
I want shampoo .
Economy class seat to Los Angeles, please.
How high is this mountain?
I think it's pretty cool.
It's too wide for me. Can I try these on?
I'd like some apples, please.
Excuse me, have you been working here for a long time?
It will cost three hundred dollars to fix it.
Porter .
Why this line?
Do I need a reservation?
I've booked British Airways flight one three five to Paris on July 3rd.
Is there a major restaurant district here?
How much does airmail cost?
I'm in a hurry to go.
How do you make a living?
Can you reissue it?
All right. I'll take it, but a small piece, please.
What's that for?
If I'm asleep when you serve the meal, please don't disturb me.
Can I wire some money to New York?
Where is the Air America Ltd. office?
I accidentally ordered a second cup of coffee.
Can I send this as a recording?
Well, tell your son we have jazz on Auburn Street and clubs everywhere. As for you, how about one of these cruises?
This bridge is about twice as long as that one.
Will it be tax-free if I send it to Japan from here?
Can I talk to Mary?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Where's the lost and found?
More ketchup and appetizers, please.
Take me to a doctor.
The toilet is clogged.
Can I get a schedule?
Thanks. Can I buy men's types there as well?
Yes, he can speak both languages, but his secretary can't speak Japanese.
Can you please issue me a temporary passport?
Two strawberry candies.
I'm looking for glue.
Want to check your bags all the way to Las Vegas?
Can you get me a larger size?
It's cheap. Come on, I'll give you five dollars and no cents.
Take it easy . Try to remember.
I will order a large breakfast from room service.
The lock does not work.
Here's twenty and one dollars. Keep the change.
It will take you fifteen minutes.
We will issue you a temporary passport.
Big Coca .
Best wishes on your promotion.
No, it's available.
I have plenty of time.
Excuse me, I think there's an error on my bill. Could you check it, please?
Are there meals on the tour?
Oh, no. All stores are closed on Sundays.
Is this ramp for beginners?
Fill me up with gasoline, please.
Do you know of a gynecologist nearby?
Well, it's lunchtime. Would you like to discuss it over lunch?
Can you deliver it by tomorrow?
She is more beautiful than her sister.
He stole the VCR from my room.
You cannot get cash returns at this airport. Put this copy in an envelope and put it in this mailbox.
I got B's all around. And what about you?
How long do the interruptions last now?
Japanese tea, please.
Where can I buy affordable leather products?
Hello, my name is Oda. I have a reservation for tonight, but I'm going to be late. So please leave me a reservation.
Are these shoes durable?
Please tell him I'm waiting for his call.
No, but there are English and Japanese in your headphones.
Can I cancel my order?
I don't like this shape.
Can you send a porter for my luggage?
Twenty dollars an hour, take your pick.
Which is faster, the subway or the taxi?
They say the flu is spreading there.
Can you make two copies here?
Well, it's not easy to explain it to someone who doesn't play it.
Of course we have it. It's in a row over there. See it? Memoirs sell like hotcakes.
Will I need Twitter?
He just came in.
Would you recommend a good cheap restaurant near this hotel?
I'm sorry. We're fully booked for tomorrow night.
I'm with some friends.
I'd like some candy, please.
Give me a brief tour of the city, please.
Can you give me a discount?
Can you stop by my hotel tonight?
According to Guru, Mr. Yamada has two children.
No. With cream, please.
I thought it was perfect. What am I going to do?
Are you telling me I can't get a boarding pass because the flight is overbooked?
Please lend me one of your opera glasses. How much do you charge as a pawn?
I hope you like this color and style.
Can you say that again?
I need a train schedule.
I want to stop by the Tower of London.
I'll have a whiskey with ice cubes.
Can you give us your thoughts on this point?
Shall I bring your breakfast?
I want to make a reservation for dinner tonight.
Here you go. Keep the rest .
I'm staying at the Alpha Hotel.
Why are CDs so much cheaper here?
The tariff is seventy-five cents. Please give me the correct change.
I love jazz.
Will the bags be checked individually at customs?
I would like to book a single room at your hotel for three nights from July 1.
to Grand Ole Opal.
But the sign doesn't say "to the Golden Gate Bridge." We have to ask someone. Excuse me, is this the correct stop to go to the Golden Gate Bridge?
Please. Fasten your seat belts.
Yes, here it is.
Yes. Can I help you?
Call the waitress assigned to this table, please.
I want some alcohol to burn.
Can I continue traveling?
The area code is three. And the phone number is two, three, four, three, four, three, four, zero, zero.
Excuse me. Is there any bridge near here?
Is there anyone to take care of him?
Take care of yourself .
I'm done, thank you.
Is it necessary to wear a jacket and tie?
Excuse me, I need to use the restroom.
Which season is the most beautiful in this country?
It's about twenty minutes away.
Can I order a glass of wine?
She's busy.
His clothes are always out of fashion.
I'll take you to your room.
I want to confirm my reservation.
It is advisable to have a thorough examination at a public hospital.
Hello, this is the external contact person. What number do you want to call?
Next to the Singapore Airlines office there.
Do you have seafood?
This does not work well.
It's kind of expensive.
I would love to, but I'm afraid I can't this time.
Could you take my key, please? The room number is one-fifteen.
Well, I don't know yet, but I will definitely try.
Take this prescription to a pharmacy.
Can I have a seat on this aisle, please? We want a non-smoking seat.
Salt, please.
Ms. Yoshi Sawa. The number is three, four, five, six, seven, seven, eight, nine, zero.
On behalf of Yamato Kogyo, I must thank you very much for your kindness and help in conducting this session to end with such good results.
I can't move.
Excuse me. I'm looking for this address.
My luggage was badly damaged.
Please use the fitting room there.
Where is the nearest entrance?
Single room with bathroom, please.
I have to avoid foods that contain sugar.
Window seat, please.
I want to reserve a table for two.
That sounds like fun. What are you waiting for?
Is this canceled from customs?
I want to set my watch. It's about two minutes late every day.
What a small world.
I want to rent some jet skis.
Ninety dollars for a one-way ticket. Cash or card?
No, let me take a look first.
Could you clear the table for me, please.
Are there any fees?
Where is the field?
Uh, thanks. We'll wake you up at eight.
Can I swap it out for a closer trip on the 5th?
Renji will write the original plan and distribute it to stakeholders for their approval.
Sorry, but it's full at this time.
Do you have any agate rings?
How do Japanese parents raise their children? Are they strict with their children?
Are you playing with me?
Fill out this recipe, please.
Can you tell me the hours of operation?
Contact me when you have a chance to visit Tokyo.
That's it.
Do you have any sightseeing tours?
You'll deliver this PC to me, won't you?
Please wrap them individually.
I need a tape for a video camera, please.
I'm afraid I can't pay more than sixty dollars a night.
I'll have a latte.
Of course. Fill out and sign this form, please.
You'd better not stay up all night.
What time should I get back on the bus?
I don't have a fork.
Do you have a trip to Las Vegas?
I can't move my left leg because it hurts too much.
Where is the baggage claim department?
Could you put some water in my cup?
I remember taking a photo at the restaurant where we had lunch.
I arrived here on a train that left London at twelve fifty minutes past twelve.
Yes, I did. When do you reissue it for me?
Do you have something light?
Good evening. How many people at your party?
Please go.
Sorry, sir, but our reservations are full.
Can you write that down, please?
I need to go to the bathroom.
My stomach is heavy .
What is the inflation rate?
The Cincinnati Reds are giving up three runs.
Where is the ski area?
Yes, can you tell him that Noriko Itoh called?
Where can I pay the extra mileage?
Where is the bus for this line?
I want some mussels.
Sounds good, where can we wait for you?
Can we start playing when they're done?
Am I going to punish you for crying for no reason?
I fell off the ladder.
I wash this before nine o'clock tomorrow morning.
I want to go fishing.
It offers us high quality coffee.
Can the heel of this shoe fit me?
I want to know the departure time of my connecting flight.
It's right over there. Please, it's okay to take one.
Can we use the tennis court this afternoon?
The population of Japan is about one hundred and twenty million.
Can you bring me breakfast at 8:00 tomorrow morning?
Are you from here?
What kind of leather is this wallet made of?
Fill in the following items on the registration card.
Where can I take the bus to the city's public parking lot?
Can I get my belongings back?
You have beautiful eyes.
Where's my seat, please?
I want a UV filter, please.
Can I see cheaper than this?
I would like a non-smoking table, please.
Is this your best quality?
What does my lady like to drink?
Excuse me, are you going to the 23rd and 27th?
Excuse me, where's the bar?
Thank you. Keep the rest.
Okay, I'll call you later, thanks.
Is there a playground?
Do you have tickets for Beauty and the Beast on Wednesday?
Do you have an all-day tour?
When do we get to New York?
That's not an issue. We have exactly this kind of situation in mind.
I have to go now.
I'm afraid it won't arrive until tomorrow.
Can you take me to the hospital?
Where is the nearest night pharmacy?
Would it be okay if we only took the candy?
Well, let's examine everything comprehensively.
The traffic was terrible in the Atsugi area, wasn't it?
Do you have silk scarves? I'm looking for a gift for my wife.
It's very spacious.
The fish you're talking about is a fugu. It has a deadly poison in its liver and ovaries.
We'll get it now. What's your room number?
I thought this concert was really good.
Where's the luggage room?
Can I take pictures inside?
I can't manage it alone.
I've never seen such an expansive view.
I want to see an osteopath (chiropractor).
Yes . I haven't felt unwell for about two days.
I have diarrhea.
Why is lunch served at three o'clock?
Friday is fully booked until half past eight.
Mr. Kobayashi was looking for you.
Can you wrap it up, please?
Please tell me the names of some good restaurants.
I want to travel from Shanghai to Hawaii by ferry.
When can you reissue it?
Let me think about it. I'll check some other stores.
How about ten dollars for three?
I don't want to spend more than thirty dollars a piece.
Can you send someone?
Can you exchange Japanese yen here?
I think this one is much better than that one.
Can you have it ready by 5pm tomorrow night?
Please speak in Japanese.
I'd like a piece of chocolate, please.
Stand here, please.
That sounds interesting. When does the tour start?
I booked a car for two days in Japan.
Can you tell me where to sign up for this flight?
Can you take my picture, please?
I'd like a stamp for this postcard, please.
It's a ten-minute walk.
Can I rent a saddle and helmet?
Can I have another wine?
Who built this?
Is the warranty valid in Japan?
No, we don't.
I've walked around Sydney.
Before we finish the job, can you give me a few minutes?
When will he come?
Excuse me, could you get me another fork, please?
Is there a mosque nearby?
Can I get it without a prescription?
Don't I suggest you choose this now?
I want to stay here tonight.
Where can I park my car?
I work in media.
Thank you. Where can I get a phone card?
Write separate checks, please.
What kind of food do you prefer?
About thirty dollars.
I feel cold and my stomach hurts a lot.
Can you draw a map?
You are very knowledgeable.
The number is two two two three one one one one one one.
Whiskey and water, please. Do you have a snack with him?
How can I turn off the light?
Or, it's really beautiful and looks really nice on you.
What's your destination?
One ticket, please.
I hope it stays that way.
I love visiting the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Lincoln Center, too.
After a hurricane, we usually have a clear fall day.
Yes, that would be fine. How much is the overage fee for duplicate copies?
How long do I have to wait until he arrives?
Police officers . We have a search warrant. Open up.
Is he too busy today?
When is the break?
Can it be shortened by two centimeters?
I'll see what I can do.
I have to get on a plane at two o'clock.
Thank you very much. This is the font change ticket.
Sort of. I went to the area.
I ate my meals with coupons.
I need some thread.
Give me a medical certificate, please.
Which one is lighter?
I would like to shorten it by one inch from this area.
I'm just watching, thanks.
Two hamburgers and two coffees, please.
We should really do something about it. I have to go back to Tokyo tomorrow.
October 10th and 11th, leaving on the 12th.
How much is provided?
How's the water?
These are gifts for my friends.
When will it end?
I don't feel well. Please give me some medicine.
My fork fell off .
Not at all. I hope it works for me tomorrow, as well.
Do I have to wear formal attire?
I need two tickets for the eight o'clock show.
Excuse me. Can you tell me what time you open?
Can I have a Japanese newspaper, please?
OK. Can I leave the car anywhere? What are the parking fees?
This ticket is invalid.
Thirty-five hours except for an hour for lunch. What about your company in Japan?
The height of this tower is six hundred thirty-four feet.
I'd like a car stereo, please.
Which bus goes to the city center?
Would you mind looking at my draft after I'm done with it?
Okay, I'll send you the announcement right away.
You have a police report, don't you? What are your check numbers?
The line is disconnected.
Are there any express trains to Boston?
Where is the proof?
Sumo wrestling is the national sport of Japan.
When do you wear a kimono?
Yes . I'd like to use a Visa card. The number is four nine zero eight one five one two three three six six seven seven six zero zero zero four.
Do you have a size sixteen of these, in red?
I want full insurance.
Are you having a good trip?
What do you like to do?
Thank you. Is the weather in London always this crazy?
Please be my pen pal.
Please tell him to call me back as soon as he gets back. This is number three, five, four, eight, one, one, three, nine. Hilton Hotel, room twelve zero nine.
I'm staying with a friend.
When is the NBA Finals?
I don't like this type.
Which train is heading to Berlin?
I'm so touched, I can't stand still.
I accidentally broke the vase.
Do I serve the whiskey before or after the soup?
Can you put that bag somewhere else?
We will follow developments carefully after our return to Japan.
Can I get off at the Hilton?
I want you to take it off.
Definitely don't worry, I've got it all taken care of.
Good. What about Japan?
I'm sorry, but the hotel is fully booked.
Are we allowed to take pictures inside the museum?
Turn left on this street and take the first right turn.
These artificial nails will lengthen your nails.
Well, good. I hope it doesn't happen again.
I want to know if this set of dishes can be shipped to Tokyo.
I want a bubble bath.
I have to get off. This is the wrong train.
I would like some physical strength.
My necklace is missing .
It could be appendicitis.
Write it down, please.
Can you show me?
What should I do when I return the car?
Why don't we talk over coffee?
Isn't there any food that's spicy and not too spicy?
Is it close enough to walk to?
What's your signature dish?
It will end at 1:00 p.m.
I want to skip the other dishes because it takes too long.
Our chairman of the board? Yes, he enjoys cocktails. I want you to meet him. Let's go.
Someone call the police.
I'm looking for a souvenir for my mom.
Where am I on this map?
Perhaps .
I locked the car with the key in the ignition.
I'd say you're about fifty-five years old.
I need some hand cream.
No right turns are allowed here.
Can you pass me the salt?
Is there a car repair shop nearby?
This request is wrong.
I plan to spend tomorrow shopping.
This is a darling.
I want to go to Wall Street. How do I get there?
Yes, it's my first trip.
I would like to move to another room.
Would it be acceptable for me to add golf clubs?
Where's the general store?
I left my bag in my seat. Will you look for it for me?
Turkey sandwich. Reduce the mustard, please.
I'd say the summer here isn't too bad.
You're a lucky man. They found it in the front office and they're keeping it there as a lost camera. Should we go back?
I want it half cooked, please.
You have to pay an additional fee when you leave the car.
How do you fasten your seat belt?
I'm calling the guard.
It's filled with nothing we can do.
Walk straight ahead for two blocks.
Call an ambulance quickly, please.
Excuse me, when will the plane arrive in Tokyo?
Is this ticket still available?
Do you need a fountain pen, or a pencil?
This man is not to be trusted.
Do you have a cycling map?
Size ten, ma'am. The red cards are hanging on a size ten.
With small change, please.
Yes, we do. Would you like to read some Japanese magazines, as well?
Shake, please.
Yes, it is. We call the rainy season in Japan tsuyu.
Fill the tank, please.
Too much exercise is bad for you.
I can't feel my right leg.
Sure, but there is no other double room for the night.
Including breakfast, tax, and service charge, the calculation will be forty-five dollars per person per night.
How long do I cut it? About like this?
Does everyone have to come down?
Could you speak slower, please?
Can you fix this?
Is this the medication my family doctor prescribed?
It is said that a nation's history, traditions and culture are reflected in its national holidays.
Will this flight take off on time?
No, but you can dial this number to get help in Japanese. One eight hundred.
Let me take a look at this car.
Can you recommend a good shop that sells antique watches, please?
Yes, I will mention it.
I need a transformer, a fuse, and a fuse. The voltage in this country is different from ours, and so are the electrical appliances.
There were four young men.
Good evening . Hello .
I think I have a sprain in my lower back.
I can't find your luggage.
Do you want me to cut your sideburns a little?
We want you to move to the foot of the A. B . C .
Regular size, please.
My name is Chiba, room number three forty-five.
We take twenty paid vacations a year.
My bags are not here.
Speaking of touching, the American man naturally puts his hand behind the woman's back.
Where's the food I ordered?
Because I'm going to make a salmon munier.
It's nice of you to call to check on my health.
I don't feel better.
It is tiring to carry a lot of things from one place to another, so I will buy my souvenirs on the last day.
The overhead movie theater will start in a few minutes. Would you like some refreshments?
Walk straight ahead, please.
I'm from Morocco.
Is it safe to drink the water here?
Put the bag there and the big bag in the closet, please.
It doesn't pay to buy cheap stuff.
Here are your tickets and confirmation paper for the hotel.
Send me a doctor, please.
I can spend the whole afternoon.
Thank you. That's all I need right now.
Thank you very much. Your room number is twenty-seven. Here's your key. Our porter will carry your bags for you.
Take off your clothes and lie down here.
Do you mind if I turn off the radio?
Customers reacted well to the product.
I'd really like some hot water.
Let each of us pay for ourselves.
Uh, come on. Just two dollars.
Waitress .
Can you swap this dress for a larger size?
Took my little brothers to the zoo?
Good evening, we meet again.
Just a souvenir. You know we don't have that kind of taxi in Japan.
Okay, let's go. I can help you with your homework after we eat some pizza.
Yes, Mr. Tanaka, there are two messages for you.
Can I take pictures inside the museum?
What kind of toys do five- and six-year-olds play with in England?
I want to book on Japan Airlines flight number six to New York on the twelfth.
It doesn't suit me.
I think that's a good idea. If there are no objections, I'd like to choose.
Tomorrow is another day.
How can I get there by limousine bus?
The only tour left for the day is the city tour. All other tours are night tours.
Made in Italy?
Which line goes to London station?
Do you have children?
It's not your fault.
Maybe I can help you. Do you need vitamin C?
This way, please. Sixth and seventh in this row.
Where is the circular ramp?
No trick .
Can you send me brochures about your new product?
Is this eight-millimeter movie camera a gift?
I want Flasha.
I need a wake-up call, please.
Do you mean you don't want to compromise with them?
Yes, I will. When do we get out of here?
My name is Risa Kobayashi and the number I'm staying at right now is two zero six five two five three one six eight.
I'd like a pocket radio, please.
How long are you going to stay here?
It takes a few days.
My wallet was pickpocketed on the train.
Good morning, sir. May I help you?
I will arrive after dinner.
I'll have a contract by next week.
Five. I would like you to join the tables together.
That's an incorrect change. Please give me three more dollars.
I need to get off at Central Station. Please let me know when we get there.
It's too far away. You should take a taxi.
Is it real leather?
Please call a policeman.
Which club is the best in jazz?
I'd like a seat overlooking the corridor, please.
I live in an apartment whose rent is eighty thousand yen a month.
I did not understand .
I lost my handbag.
Can I have a packing box?
I want dry shampoo.
May I interrupt?
The climate is mild .
Yes, I certainly will. Please send my best regards to Mrs. Kawakami, as well.
Offer me a larger size.
Let me see how much it weighs. Ninety-five cents.
Can you add lettuce and tomatoes?
Please call a taxi at two in the afternoon.
A splinter went into my finger.
How much do these cost in Japan?
He will arrive in Portland at noon.
It's very precious to me.
Did you finish your lunch?
Would you wrap this up for me?
Can you describe your luggage?
Please put it in a bag.
Can you wait for me while I visit the cathedral?
Excuse me. Would you mind switching seats with me?
Let's change the ending.
She should have filled out this customs form and turned it in.
Can I borrow a pen?
I'll take a tablespoon of coconut ice cream over a cookie cone, please.
Do you like some drinks?
Yes, of course.
What's your name again, please?
Let me see that.
I've come to take my photos.
Go to the corner and turn left at the traffic light.
Please shorten the sleeves.
I have a mild fever and I also have chest pain on the right side when I cough.
Do you prefer masks for smaller or larger hair?
Twenty dollars in advance.
Where's the roulette table?
I want to go to the subway station.
We'll get there at 3:30 local time.
I want to go to the fifth way. What's the fee, please?
I'd like a single room with a bathroom for eighty dollars, please.
Can I get you something to drink?
Where's the nearest candy store?
Oh, yeah. I want to send that package to Japan. There's a piece of Aboriginal Australian art in it.
Hey, you're driving too fast. Will you slow down?
Could I have a red wine, please?
What is the room rate?
Please give me the one on the shelf.
I will take care of this table.
Wrap these individually.
It's in this place that it's so big.
Good evening . Star Hotel. How can I help you?
I put in two quarters to get a Coke, but nothing came out of the machine.
Can you show me a place where a lot of young people congregate?
Can I change airlines?
Can I cash some traveler's checks?
I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
After takeoff, we will tell you more about our service today. In the meantime, if there's anything we can do to make your trip more enjoyable, please ask.
Please connect me to room number twelve thirty-four.
Can you take me to a doctor, please?
Please show me the full account.
I want to deposit my valuables in the hotel vault.
The food is cold.
Is there a good men's clothing store?
That's it.
She's been here for three years.
I want to book a tennis court at 3pm for an hour.
Every time I fail, I succeed the next time.
Is this for kids?
Well, I prefer a perfume that's not too pungent.
At my friend's house.
What can I do for you? Are you in trouble?
Do you have a room available tonight?
How much does a return ticket cost?
Yes, but make sure you have your ticket with you.
Sorry. We don't make any reservations.
Where should I land?
Can you take me to the nearest police station?
You will be taxed separately.
Where is the place the majority recommends to visit?
Why don't you put a little pepper on it?
I want some Italian food.
I want space
How much does it cost to send them?
How much does it cost to enter?
Hooray .
I'll be arriving in Los Angeles at five.
I feel a sharp pain in my chest.
It's a big blue Samsonite bag with a lot of stickers on it.
Can I resume traveling?
Well, the tickets will be waiting for you at the theater's ticket window. Thank you for contacting Broadway Tickets.
I believe these numbers were not added.
We have a problem.
This plane is two hours late.
Is it likely to rain?
Excuse me, but does this train stop in Baltimore?
The laundry you hung in the bathroom to dry is gone.
Yes, thank you. I'd like a cup of tea.
Few people will join the optional tour.
I bet ten dollars.
A tourist guide book.
Please show me how to do it.
I really like that coat you're wearing.
Never mind . Anyway, please take me to the Chinatown Center. I'll try to find it myself.
Do you know any good places to stay in Chicago?
About five thousand yen. Something for a young lady.
Hire new people in April.
I hope so.
Where can I find the bulletin board?
Can you open the door for me, please?
Two whiskeys with water, please.
What's in fashion right now?
Is there a break?
He wants to kill me. Look, do me a favor. Go to the bathroom, open a window and wait there.
Yes, sir, Peru Geno is on the west side.
Should I keep this mug here?
Please leave the hotel before nine o'clock.
I'll have the vegetable soup and grilled lamb chops, please.
Who's playing?
Where can I find the subway?
Please show me another color.
Is there skiing at night?
I want to book a room for the night.
After you are done with the police, please call me back so I can give you the other numbers you need.
It's swollen and there's a throbbing pain.
Can you call me if you find my bag?
Please ship it to this address.
To the left, please.
This record player doesn't work. I want my money back.
It's beautiful .
Oh, I would love to.
This is Mr. Yamamoto, room thirty-three thirty-five. The people in the next room are making a lot of noise. I want to change rooms.
Do you have something tighter?
How long do we make this contract?
A glass of Staples.
How much does a license cost?
How much is this coin worth?
I have period pains.
Will you pose with me for a picture?
As usual .
You're right.
It is long.
No. Would you like to report him?
To the beautiful bride Susan, good luck.
Excuse me, ma'am. You dropped your handkerchief.
Airmail, please.
Do you want a window seat or an aisle seat?
Uh, hi. Are you telling me how to get tickets for today's game? We're staying in Manhattan right now.
That tooth in the front hurts.
What part of (any) are you going to!
Thank you. I'm going to a party.
I want a movie of this camera quickly, please.
What are the latest computer games for a fifteen-year-old?
Will you call a doctor, please?
Not really. But I have a slight headache.
Is there a big jazz concert?
I came here to do research in marketing.
Please see what you can do for me.
Can I buy you lunch?
Visa .
We'll see you tomorrow.
Is there a cheaper restaurant nearby?
I need some washing powder.
No, but thank you. I'm feeling better.
Do you have any bread?
What is your skill level in playing the violin?
Sure. I said, "Do you know Mr. White?
Thanks for the advice. I'll try that next time.
Are you allergic to certain medications?
No, thanks.
My friend slipped and fell in the bathroom.
I need an ashtray.
I don't think so. It's a great idea.
Turn on the air conditioner, please.
I want a bottle of mineral water.
Christianity was banned and the country was closed to the rest of the world.
Can you recommend some good places to visit during the day?
Can I hire a guide today?
What part of the United States are you from?
Please convert this money into pounds.
It depends on the length of the trip.
How much do you want?
Can he undress you down to your waist?
I am from Israel.
Oh, my throat is stuffed with olives.
Where do I get my textbooks from?
Shrimp mix for her, as well as for me.
I was hit by a car.
We'd like a straw, please.
The refrigerator is broken.
Please fill out this form and fax it back to him.
Goodbye.
Is this the platform for the train to Paris?
You're welcome. It was my pleasure.
Wow. Are there still geisha parties?
But station names are often only written in Japanese. They can be difficult to understand.
What does a worm do in a wheat field?
What do you want?
Thank you very much, but can you tell me the day you intend to do it?
I think you've taken my seat.
Could you please make your signature here and your initials here.
In that case, I won't have much time.
It was a pleasure to visit your headquarters and have important discussions with you. Thank you very much for your cooperation.
Non-smokers, please.
I want to go to Manhattan, how much will it cost me?
Please recommend a suitable nearby restaurant and mark it on the map.
You have to go through another gate if you want the Shinkansen sidewalks.
Where is the movie theater?
It's Kimoto.
Can you put me in touch with someone who speaks Japanese?
Four days .
Let me count it. That would be fourteen and fifty.
Your boarding time for United Airlines flight one seven five is delayed. Please wait ten minutes.
Okay, I'll buy it.
Your snoring is annoying.
Does this price include tax, service and breakfast?
I don't like the color at all. Can I return it?
Exit through that door, and wait at stop number six.
Fried chicken, please.
Let me talk about meal times in this house.
I have a high temperature.
Have you done your homework?
Can I have some pepper?
Let's give him a call.
Yes, I want something to read.
I'm planning to spend this year's summer vacation in Europe.
There must be people from all over the world in this place.
Where is this play currently playing?
Give me the check, please.
It consists of three slices of chicken as well as roasted potatoes and mixed vegetables.
The room next door is very noisy. Can you alert them to that?
He bumped into me.
Don't worry about that. We'll take care of it.
We want a place for about thirty dollars per person.
Excuse me, can you tell me what this item is on the menu?
Please tell me what is the cheapest disco in this city.
Please show me how to use the phone.
It's a card-shaped key. You can keep it.
When is the museum open, please?
I want to go to a classical music concert.
What are the common forms now?
I'm Mr. Takahashi in room forty-nine-five. Please send four bottles of Budweiser beer.
I want some pork.
How much it will cost with the case.
Excuse me. It's the second door on the left.
Yes, we have an address book and a city guide.
Please keep my valuables in your closet.
Take care .
Hurry up. Let's go. Will you be quiet, ma'am? Please, sir, get down. Thank you. Stay here. Make yourself comfortable. Excuse me, please. We'd like two more bottles of Wild Turkey.
My limbs froze from the cold.
Please tell her that I would like to meet her the day after tomorrow.
I'm staying with my friend.
Where is this evidence?
This food looks delicious.
Ten-dollar regular gasoline at pump number three, please.
The two packages of this optional excursion include
How do I get to that place? Would you mind drawing me a map?
I'll think about it. Thank you.
I have to be careful not to be cheated out of my small-unit money.
That's seventy dollars.
Foods that are cooked by experts are becoming increasingly popular these days.
It was interesting. Thank you .
Books. How long will it take to arrive in Japan by air mail?
I cut my hand.
Please call me at the hotel when you find my bags.
How about Tuesday?
Do you organize half-day trips?
I don't understand English very well. Can I have someone who speaks Japanese?
Hi, my name is Murray. I have a reservation at seven o'clock.
I'm waiting for my friend.
I'm from Russia.
I need a wake-up call at 8:00 a.m. tomorrow morning, please.
What can I get you? Would you like a drink?
Please. Put me through to Mr. Tanaka in room twenty-eight?
More toast, please.
I want to rent Racquetball bats.
Do you want coffee or tea after the meal?
Can I stop on the way?
What kind of meat is this?
Is a hundred dollars enough?
It's a huge leather bag.
Yes, but it's too much, and I'm already full.
How do I get to the museum?
I need mouthwash.
I feel unwell .
Yes, give me a Coke, please.
Confucius lived in the fifth century BC.
Pick one for me, please.
Do you offer big discounts?
Is it made of leather?
I'll be at the next number all evening. One, two, two, three, one, seven, seven.
We have instant soybean soup.
Tokyo zero three three four times nine four five five six seven.
How common is it to use a bed for sleeping in Japan?
in New York .
When can I receive the photos.
It's very cramped in this place.
It's a very fast-paced movie. Can I direct the movie?
Order coleslaw outside the store, please.
Can we play now?
Thank you for this.
To our friendship.
Please, what's the stop before New York?
You're kidding, right?
I can't seem to keep up with my roommate. He's always smoking. I can't stand it.
Is there a concert tonight or tomorrow night?
Sorry, it's time to go.
Aisle seven.
I know the hamburgers in this place are delicious.
We're thrilled that you were able to do it.
Hello. I'm an international operator. What number do you want to dial?
Can you turn off the air conditioner?
Are you objecting to another color?
It's Kimura KIMURA.
Please convert this to US dollars.
I want to find the entrance.
Can I get a prescription medication?
Is the explanation in English?
Please, help me find the zoo.
Chocolate, please.
I've come to pick up my lost bag.
Can you please tell me how to modify it?
Approximately when will the bus tour end?
This is a seafood restaurant. Isn't it?
Which way do I go?
Which way out?
Is this Cascade Limited?
Show me how to use the phone.
I want this, please.
Absolutely. We have some beautiful Native American brands. For books.
What's the emergency number?
The breadth seems a little tight. Is that okay?
Can you recommend something else?
When should I enter?
We have a special deal on apple pies for just fifty cents.
I'd like a pillow and a blanket, please.
Eight o'clock, please.
Goodbye.
My UE One Zero Three flight is on March 10th.
What floor are the restaurants on?
Excuse me!
How can I get to the nearest post office, please?
Show me the boarding pass, please.
I made a reservation at the airport.
Can I squeeze a lemon?
How do I get to the post office?
Show me the price list please.
We are together .
It's a small world, isn't it?
Please give me two air messages.
What's your phone number, please?
Feel free to visit us anytime in the afternoon.
Please accept this as a token of our appreciation.
What is the size in centimeters?
We reserved a table for nine o'clock. My name is Sato.
It's out of print.
They meet in restaurants.
Are taxis cheap?
Really? That's very nice of you to say.
I need a Japanese-speaking operator, please.
Can you get me a cab in the morning?
What are the hours of operation?
Can I buy a quarter pound of meat?
Really? Thank you very much. I'd like to borrow a few books to read while on vacation. Three books is enough.
Give me breakfast number two.
If this is the case, please go to the Claims Office with your claim card.
Is there a bedroom?
It's a little too big for me. Could you try a smaller size?
How much does it cost to mail to Japan by airmail?
May I interrupt?
I'm Mr. Watanabe in room six zero seven, I'll be leaving around half past nine. Please send someone to pick up my luggage.
Is it still possible to go snowboarding in Monaco this time of year?
Do you have a railroad card?
I practiced karate when I was in school.
I have to be there by 1:30.
How many hours does a train ride take?
Well, I have about five minutes.
We are interested in fashion.
Are there any historical sites in this place?
Can you tow my car?
It's 5:30. You have thirty minutes to leave.
Do you like it here?
There is not enough paper to write on.
When will you be done with that?
Which gate will it be?
I want to make a reservation for a group of five at six o'clock tonight.
Is this an F clinic?
Yes, but we require a delivery fee.
You can buy it in the furniture department on the third floor.
I'm from Asia.
Is this the bus that takes me to Japan Airlines?
I want to make a reservation on the bus.
Please remove this spot.
Really, it's great. We want to make a reservation for three people.
I'd like the time, please.
Well Dave, Mark Sachikun and Rumi will be attending the party.
I'd like fifty dollars worth of potato chips, please.
Hello, Mrs. Yamaguchi? Your team is on the line. Your invitation is accepted. Please continue.
It's better to take a bus.
I'll arrive around 7pm.
What kind of marinade do you want?
I want to go to a real restaurant in New York that doesn't overcharge.
I will arrive at the hotel on September 18th.
I'd like a map of the ramp, please.
I want a sample of your feces.
Why do the Japanese behave in such an antisocial manner?
We don't have a choice. This place is fine.
In the case of duty-free goods, go through the green-lighted inspection table.
Please repeat it again.
Unfortunately all the single rooms are booked, but we still have a few double rooms left.
I totally get it.
Where can I buy a delivery ticket with a coupon?
What paperwork is required to rent a car?
I was in a car accident.
Do you have a return ticket?
I have a headache .
When do we get to Los Angeles?
Do you have a Dunhill?
Can you recommend a cheap brand of liquor?
Walk in the same direction for about five minutes and then turn left.
You're supposed to participate.
Is there a place where you can buy some drinks?
I just arrived at the airport.
Can you finish this before nightfall?
More information on this point can be found on page twelve of the report.
He was supposed to be home by ten.
Dry .
Yes, have a seat.
Can you suggest some places to visit and then return the same day?
It's this way towards the beach.
No thanks . I'm going to the doctor.
This herbal tea helps the body regain its energy.
This wasn't made in Japan, was it?
This ring is beautiful.
I'd like to get this.
When is the showroom open?
I haven't decided yet.
We've got this.
I'd like a discount, please.
I've been very careless. I beg your pardon.
Do you want a white dress?
Can you call a hotel of the same class to find a room for me?
Show me, please, how to fill in the missing suitcase data.
When was it built?
I'll let you know as soon as I get there.
Uh, okay. Take this way. Please, I'll take you to your room.
Is it easy to get there?
We can now invite you to sit down.
Excuse me, which of these roads leads to Akasaka.
She's bleeding profusely.
Where can I buy stationery?
I don't know what it would be like in America.
Please send a tow truck to fifteen Baker Street.
I have the flu.
Guide me to an area with sign design shops.
You're kidding.
Are you open on Sundays?
There was an incident.
Take the elevator down, and the office is right there.
I want my valuables back, please.
Is Dr. . Toffler an assertive teacher?
Show me another one?
I have to leave the hotel before noon.
Can you stop by Liberty?
I have a full stomach now. Can you pick her up in half an hour, if that's okay?
Can I pay with this card?
I intend to stay a few days.
Pork should be fresh, you know.
I want to take a look at this blouse.
Fix it well, and in a visible place.
Please check two bags.
Is there a changing room?
Are Macy's stores open today?
I want to steam clean these clothes.
Two hamburgers and two coffees, please.
I want to reserve two seats at the daytime party on Tuesday.
I made a mistake. Can I get a new one?
What's this change?
I'll eat here.
Can you show me how to use the pump?
Is there a currency exchange office here?
Yes. We can rent you clubs and golf shoes.
Or, you look young.
Our product is lighter in weight and smaller in size than our competitors' products, yet it's only eight percent more expensive.
Can I continue to carry these two bags?
My remote control is broken.
Where are the picture books?
What can I get there?
It depends on the circumstances.
It used to cost thirty-five dollars, but today there is a twenty-five percent discount to twenty-six dollars and twenty-five cents.
Do you sell them separately?
I ordered meat, not fish. Can you change that?
Four oranges.
Where can I take a bus to Chicago from?
I don't know yet.
I'd like to play tennis.
It's for my husband.
I can't close the door.
Shrines in Greece have been historic.
My child is very sick.
We'll show a movie in a moment. Please close the window blinds.
Yes. These colors are popular.
I feel nauseous .
I'm switching to United Airlines for safety.
This jacket is not my size.
I want to meet Mr. Willem.
Can you give me one of these new dishes?
It has a combination of seven vitamins and minerals.
The "year" is in flux.
Yes, but you need to add "airmail" in this place if you want to send it by airmail.
Please show me your ID or passport.
It's a Camellia Ghada show. It's been very popular lately.
Yes, but only one drink.
Can you recommend a good liquor?
Tiffany's. You mean the jewelry store?
Three dollars apiece.
I hate to have to cancel, but it's out of our hands.
I'm lost. Where are we?
Don't you see how few attractive people there are around us?
Can you get me an envelope and some writing paper?
It's my dad.
OK . Please give this customs declaration card to the clerk at the exit gate.
Just click on this button.
Let's give him a call.
Will I get a refund when I return to Japan?
The weather is nice today.
All right. Uh, one moment. Do you want it normal or weird?
Thank you. What kind of jobs do you do?
That's the man.
Will I have enough time to convert to PE Three Nine Nine?
What are the ingredients of this dish?
Let's go.
Can I take this with me now?
In which countries were these made.
Please send a servant to my room.
This is my personal favorite. I hope you like it.
Can you finish this in ten minutes?
I would like to attend a concert tonight. Please make a reservation for me.
I spent a large amount of money on shopping.
I don't speak English. Does anyone here speak Japanese?
Let me buy you a drink.
We'd like a doctor, please?
Where can I get a token to ride the subway?
Can you recommend a good restaurant near here?
Who are you talking to on the phone?
How much is the entrance fee?
Could you be attacked, especially if you approach buildings?
I love watching sports programs on TV.
Can I lower my seat?
We don't need a porter. Thank you.
Do you want to rent a gurney or a trolley?
I want to convert yen to dollars. What is the exchange rate today?
This train makes a short stop at the E station.
Please suggest a hotel.
Can I get a picture with you?
Miki Hayakawa .
How old is Japan?
Let's dance .
We will mail you twenty additional samples.
I look young, even though I'm over thirty.
Take me to this place, please.
Hello, is the store open today?
Next to the driveway, please.
I don't think it suits me as I have fairly dry skin.
Can you deposit this in the safe deposit box?
Yes, please stop right there.
I want to cancel my reservation for tonight.
I need medicine for indigestion.
Can I get a schedule, please?
The current is too strong to allow scuba diving?
Would you mind taking a picture with us?
I'd like to sign up for a trip to see the aquarium.
I'm in a lot of pain.
Yeah, I think I'll look.
Don't you have any gifts or valuables?
Does this train go to Tokyo?
We'd like a cherry pie dessert, and coffee, please.
I'd like an orange juice, please.
Hello. Are you Mr. Uno?
She just got out.
Ninety-nine dollars an hour for a child?
Sorry, we're out of this item.
Please show us our seats.
Please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
It has to be quiet.
I have my own equipment.
I'd like the key to room five zero three, please.
I'm from Northern Ireland?
The amount required, ma'am, is one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
I'm afraid I left my things on the plane.
Do you accept MasterCard?
What took her there?
Please . Give me the bill.
The number is zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero and my name is Miho Suzuki.
Is there a good restaurant with a nice view nearby?
Here's my card.
I would like to find a government job.
Does the train to Chicago leave from platform five.
I'd like to borrow a snorkel, please.
Does this pilot go straight to Seattle.
When is The Last Station Man coming out?
Where is the barber?
This way, please. Any other favor?
I'm looking for my friends.
Well, then I need to let you know how all of us here feel. We don't take kindly to strangers telling us how to live our lives.
At seven o'clock, please.
The use of color is beautiful.
Thank you. Your name is Mr. Richard Pullman.
Please inform my family.
I ruined my bag.
For sightseeing .
Clean the window, please.
On the fifteenth day of July.
I cut myself.
Okay, I'd like a half-boiled egg, I mean an under-boiled egg, please.
This dress is exactly my size. Can I measure it?
When is the first half?
I didn't order this type of cheese.
It's disconnected. Can you put me back on the line?
What's your name, please?
I want to get a chicken trained in the chicken fighting game.
What should I see in Chicago?
Is it possible to turn it into smaller change?
I'm from Spain.
Should I have an eye exam?
Your name, credit card number and expiration date.
It has an impressive collection of bronzes.
What's that in front of the Brooklyn Bridge?
Thank you for staying with us, sir.
Can I get three hundred dollars in cash with this check?
I agree with that suggestion.
Who is dancing.
Can I dance with you?
There's something wrong with this keycard, give me another one, please.
Will I have to change trains?
for two seven-year-olds, right? Give me your name, please.
My knee hurts.
There's a rash on my arm.
How close are the seats?
Where does it hurt?
Do you have hand-wound watches?
Do you have any other model?
Please send this by airmail to Japan.
My friend has fainted, he has lost consciousness, can you please call an ambulance immediately?
What are the cheap and good varieties?
Where is the nearest pharmacy?
Five o'clock tomorrow morning?
Do you serve Japanese food?
More wine, please.
And it is. By the way, what is this?
I want to go to a diving school.
People are very friendly.
Do I have to pay anything to cancel?
How many drinks are covered by the price?
I was able to make it happen.
Which road leads to Gate 35?
I need a drink.
Where is the boarding gate for this flight?
Don't eat anything too hot or cold.
I suggest you change your clothes and come back, sir.
The license plate number is zero two one one.
If possible, please reserve a table near the window.
Goodbye.
Can I move to another open seat?
We would like to reserve a table for two at seven tonight.
See you tomorrow.
I'll look for it in this book.
Did we get a lot of snow this year?
How much are these seats?
Has he already announced that we must board the airplane?
Hallelujah. Have a seat.
What train are you planning to take?
How much does a large caravan cost?
Where can I catch this taxi?
We're at twelve thousand feet.
Isn't there an error in the bill?
I made a reservation in Tokyo. Can you double-check that, please?
Suggest an earring or barrette.
This is not my signature.
The pain in my throat extends to my ears.
First, we'd like to watch Wall Street.
I need a sole inside the shoe.
Where is the bus stop for Oxford?
I'll wait until the terrace is available.
I will arrive late, but keep my reservation, please.
We're going to Fisherman's Village tomorrow.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I want to tell you something.
I would like a double room, please.
Match it with the terminal.
I always have an upset stomach.
More difficult than last year.
Can we take a look at leather wallets?
The night is cold.
How much? Can you write it down on a piece of paper?
Can I reserve a seat on the next flight, please.
Can I return the car at another location?
Do you have sleeping bags?
They're a little tight for me. Do you have these shoes in size five and a half?
Can I get change for a fifty-dollar bill?
Keep going in the same direction on this street. It's on your left.
Show me your price list, please.
Excuse me. I'd like something else, please. I prefer a table by the window.
I'm looking for Mr. Jones. I'm going to talk to him about something very important.
For two days .
Does this car go to Chicago?
Is there a replacement for the canceled flight?
I don't like it. Please don't add any anchovies to it.
Do you want another bottle of wine?
We have an excellent red wine.
Do you have alarm clocks for traveling.
Let's turn on the TV. There's a baseball game on.
Goodbye now.
Is there a souvenir shop nearby?
You can use this ticket for all trains.
I prefer the mechanism.
I entered the coins, but got nothing.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
When do we meet again?
Please tell me who should be informed in case of accidents.
I'm staying in a hotel, but I haven't booked yet.
But don't worry. You can get off at the next stop and turn around. It's not that far.
Can you write your address here?
I'd like a smooth wave, please.
Please tell me where the nearest pharmacy is.
I want to catch up with my friend.
The wound is festering.
International exchange.
It means dropping the cost of the damage caused by the collision. Without it, you are responsible for any damage to the car.
It's not my key.
I want to clean my teeth.
We are on a group trip. So the tour guide keeps all of our tickets.
Excuse me. Please convey my greetings to your colleagues, especially Mr. Okamoto.
Do you have something to eat on the way?
All right. We're here at the museum. Just keep going, and after a couple of blocks you'll find it right there on the corner.
This is Haruko. Guess what just happened. It was pretty funny.
Please tell me the way to the Hilton Hotel.
To my hotel, please, my hotel address is on this sheet.
He stole my bag of money at the duty-free shop.
How many provinces are there in addition to Tokyo?
It's okay, thanks.
Uh, okay. That sounds funny. How about two o'clock on Saturday?
I think it's best to hire a taxi. You can hail a taxi in front of the hotel.
What color do you prefer for your ribbon, red or blue?
The car tried to make an emergency left turn.
Please keep these bags for a week.
Stay on the line and wait a moment, please.
Sorry, our house will be very crowded tonight.
Do airport shuttles come often?
The next person.
Three, two, three, four, one, two, three, four.
Can you recommend a ballet recital?
I haven't eaten my meal yet. Can I do it now?
Can I reserve a table?
What do you usually do at home after dinner?
I'm afraid not now. The one o'clock flight is the first of the next.
I can do it myself.
Of course. When would you like to play golf?
I want a one-to-one call.
Where is it located on the map?
You'll be home in about three.
I don't want to go.
Have a good time.
Here are your bags.
Is this doll for sale?
I want to make a phone call to the Japanese Embassy.
I want a rosary.
We will start by boarding travelers with children, then travelers with special needs and then first class passengers.
Matte paint, please.
Definitely go ahead .
Which of these is the best gift for a 15-year-old girl?
Are there any trips to the celebrity's hometown?
Please send this telegram.
Who do I call if I'm in trouble?
It's an oversized, orange-colored Samsonite bag made of plastic.
Give me a little more.
Where do the sightseeing buses leave from?
Who clears the air?
How much do you charge to send them to Japan?
Toothaches are intense and hard to bear.
I don't have any rackets or shoes.
I stayed at the Britannia Intercontinental Hotel, room number one zero three.
How much is the airmail tariff, please?
I have a virus.
Sure enough, it's four seven one nine four zero.
I feel like eating more than drinking?
Can I have some cream?
So it's my fault, right? I have to go to the bathroom. Excuse me.
I want to go shopping. Where is the downtown area?
Can you tell me how to get there?
You can take elevator number one or elevator number two.
Give me your wallet.
I must find the portal.
When I went back to my room, my camera was gone.
It's very cold.
How can I get a scuba diving license?
Give me a cigar.
It depends on what season of the year you're visiting.
I want to go straight to bed.
Give me some nuts, please.
Bring me three of these, please.
Great, great, great. Great to see you, Ray. You're probably headed the other way. Don't feel weird. That's a nice sweater, by the way.
Do you accept Japanese yen?
I think he'll be back in about thirty minutes.
Automobile manufacturing is Japan's main industry.
Can you give me a message?
Let me see. This is the next town over.
Do you have a Stang?
Isn't swimming allowed here?
How long will it be before another one is ready?
Something has come up that I need to talk to him about. Please ask him to call me as soon as he gets back.
The light is broken in my room.
Are we going to jump from here?
You'll do better next time. Keep practicing?
Does anyone speak Japanese?
Did Kingpinog play ping pong in Hong Kong?
Where's the shower room?
How long will you be here?
In my opinion, the full-time employment system is both good and bad at the same time.
I have to go to the station now.
I want to visit areas associated with Joyce.
No need for that, thanks, I'll take that.
Do you offer any discounts?
I came to pick up a car. This is the reservation number.
I recommend perfume or lotion.
Please show me your customs form.
The cashier you see there will take care of it.
How many times do I have to repeat this to you?
I asked for the non-smoking seat. Can you give me another seat?
Please refrain from taking stimulants.
Here you go. Is this table okay?
He picked up the phone and put in twenty cents.
I'll come down here.
Where's the stairwell?
Where are the canned goods?
When do we land?
I want to see if they are different here.
Mr. Kawai, we have a table for you now. Mr. Kawai, this way.
No, I left his phone number at home.
One ticket to Washington, please. How long is the bus ride?
Sure, go down the stairs there and you will find some instructions, please follow them.
These are varieties of sandwiches.
Sorry, I have to do that. And I have to call a car rental office.
Front desk. Can I help you?
Can you drop me off at the Hilton, please?
Do you often have to work late?
Please contact the Embassy of Japan.
What number are you calling, please.
I have severe dermatitis.
I want to go to Philadelphia tomorrow. When can I find a train?
Would you please replace these burning candles?
Tell me, where is the fourth divan in the second carriage?
Do you still have tickets for the Bulls and Magic concert on January 10th?
I feel tired and weary from sitting for too long in an airplane.
I'm very sorry, we have no more. What about the English newspapers?
Will you save these bags, please?
Where is the best nightclub in San Francisco?
I think it's a good idea. It's always my opinion that museums are the best place to start when learning about a country. Well, where should we go? I hear there's a great exhibit of American Indians at the county museum.
One hundred non-smokers please.
Can you tell me before we get to Durham?
I lost my passport. I need a new passport.
We'll wait for you tomorrow, Ms. Tanaka.
I'll take two.
Twenty developer prints, please.
I want to make a call to Tokyo.
Can you give him first aid?
I want to make a reservation for three people at seven o'clock.
What is the story behind this castle?
Can you show me how to fill out the immigration card, please?
What are your hobbies?
When should we go back?
Is it that fresh?
Please leave me alone.
That's not true. You always treat me.
What does oh-bone mean.
Can you show me some dresses?
Where is the ticket counter?
This is my booking confirmation number.
How can I make a reservation?
One billion yen divided by one hundred and twenty yen equals eight million dollars.
Spell it out, please?
One moment, please. I'm afraid, sir, that Mr. Okawa has gone to lunch. Would you like to leave a message for him?
What would you suggest taking as a souvenir from France?
Thank you. I wish you the same.
Sorry, all seats are booked for March 23rd.
The booze is starting to get me drunk.
Be careful because the weather in the mountains is very changeable.
We prefer dishes in the range of thirty pounds per person.
Do you have any specialty cocktails?
Is it okay if I pay with a higher denomination note?
How much does this tour cost?
Congratulations on your promotion to General Manager.
Even if you're not a big fan of the "gentle Avon poet," there's no doubt that you long for the idyllic countryside and the sites associated with his persona in his homeland.
I'm leaving now. Would you please send the porter?
What is the use of this line here?
Yes, wine please.
The total would be three times as much.
We have seats left in the balcony and to the right of the auditorium.
Please two seats on the 9:30 train to New York.
I'd like a sandwich and some orange juice, please.
Is it possible to use traveler's checks and Japanese yen currency?
Will you wait for me here? I'll be back in a few minutes.
Sorry, I checked with the Service Department and the Lost and Found Department and they didn't have it.
I live close by
These shoes are too tight for me.
This is car number twelve.
Can I send this via public transportation?
Musicals are very popular in Japan at the moment.
This place is hard to find. It's on a narrow road that branches off from the main road.
These are some of the speakers.
Generally speaking, A means excellent, B means good, C means fair, D means poor, E means failure, and F means incomplete. Some schools add minus and plus signs to these letters.
I would like to print two copies of this negative, please.
How do I get there?
What's that thing good for?
I don't know anything about this.
We could talk about it in a coffee shop.
I'd like to get a flashlight.
When does it end?
I see, in that case I don't have to pay for the substitutions, right?
Economy car for a week. How much does that cost?
Can children go on the trip without adults accompanying them?
Where can I smoke?
My mom made cookies.
Should I give him the letter?
I think a meeting like this gives us a good opportunity to get to know and understand each other on a personal level.
Thank you. That's eighty dollars and fifty cents with tax. Please pay the cashier.
What is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Uh, hello. Is this the front desk? I'm in room one-zero-seven-zero. I have to file a complaint.
Please tell him that Shimada called and that I will visit him on Friday.
Hassan. Please reserve a first class seat on the train that leaves at ten o'clock tomorrow.
Give me the operator, please.
Bye, call me tonight.
Will you take a picture with us?
Do you think I can get my money back?
I would like to retrieve my valuables, please.
I prefer to eat my steak simply cooked.
This is a robotic camera.
I would like to have two versions with a dark background of these negatives, please.
Excuse me. What floor is the ladies' section on?
How old is he?
Where are you staying?
Here's your bill.
The tropical variety is good, it contains mint and tastes good with steak.
It's a game .
This is my first dive.
Wrap it around my face.
I prefer to sit at the front of the airplane.
Please check the spare tire, as well.
Yes, I think he's doing very well this season.
I can't plug the drain in the bathtub.
Would you like to come to our party tonight?
Where is Mary's Clothing located?
The best two-bedroom with an ocean view. What's the price for that room?
A double whiskey. Please .
What substance is that?
Uh, Kingsport Women's College, please, driver. Well, it won't work. They can't boycott the board's decision. It's undemocratic.
Is there a doctor who speaks Japanese?
Ladies and gentlemen, before takeoff, we ask that you turn off all electronic devices, including computers, CD players, cell phones, and electronic games. Please do not use any of them until ten minutes after takeoff.
Oh, that's wonderful. I love their sound. How about you, Bob?
Can I get your name, departure date and flight number?
Where are the shiitake mushroom plants?
Can you give me a discount?
Clean the room, please.
Could you lower the saddle, please?
Is there a Ferragamo's here?
Can I stay at your place tonight?
Thank you for taking the time to talk to me, Karen.
Is this the right train to get to Grand Central?
Uh, okay. I'll just take two. Thank you.
Here's your bill. It's three seventy-nine dollars.
You are lucky .
That's not what I asked for.
Yeah, I guess I should have taken the meatloaf.
Does this breakfast include dinner?
I want to go to the World Trade Center?
Excuse me, where can I buy tickets to Broadway?
This airport is so beautiful. I imagine you're proud of it.
I feel a sharp pain in my stomach.
Yes, I'll have a martini, with an appetizer.
Nice atmosphere .
Will you let me know when we get there?
Please choose a table with a nice night view for me.
I hear that tuberculosis is common there.
What's inside that?
Is this machine-made or handmade?
I would like to rent this model of car for twenty-four hours.
The heater does not work and the room is very cold.
How much does a one-day ticket cost?
Uh, okay. Then I'd rather go wait at the bar.
I last came here two years ago. Did you enjoy your flight?
There are a lot of hot springs, because we have a lot of volcanoes.
What is the ticket price to London?
I want to get an electrical connection.
I'd like to have orange juice, toast, a fried egg, and coffee, please.
All right. I'm done .
It was nice to meet you.
Yes, they trimmed the branches and plucked the buds to make the trees look better.
I think we can get you a table in about fifteen minutes.
Well, thank you.
Where do I drop off to get to the museum?
My plate, please.
I have a bad headache, do you have any good doctors around here?
After three o'clock.
Are you keeping my valuables for me?
I paid thirty dollars for my shirt.
Can you send me some aspirin?
Where is the box?
Please write down your credit card number.
It is torn .
What kind of whiskey are you ordering?
Do you know the name of that station?
Please don't bend the letter because the pictures are inside.
Well, golf is as much a part of our business as it is a part of our entertainment.
This is the menu for you, sir.
This is your passport, ticket and boarding pass.
Well, let's take a look at you.
Oh, it's so late. I think I should leave.
Can I use this luggage cart?
Seventy to eighty dollars is a decent amount.
Personal call to Tokyo, Japan, please.
No, thanks. I've had enough.
I need a sweater, please.
Well, imagine how much longer he'd have to work if he asked one more question per person. Come on, let's hurry up and get our bags. We have to go to customs to declare our items afterward.
Do I need a boarding pass?
You want a $500 bill, right?
It would be helpful if you could increase your production capacity.
Are you free next Saturday night? I'd love to invite you to our first anniversary party.
I want some veal.
I need a big car
You are wrong .
Please take me to a hospital where they understand Japanese.
What do you think is best?
We're leaving this afternoon. Do we have time for a city tour?
Kimonos are not suitable for active people.
Okay, we'll be there at eight.
That's too bad. I have to be in Los Angeles on Friday morning.
Are you Australian?
Where is the entrance?
Will you check the brake fluid?
Where can I buy gloves?
I haven't used it at all.
Do they play jazz in this place?
Would you call the head waiter, please?
I need a strong cocktail. Can you mix me some?
We'll have someone check it out right away.
Oh, I heard the name. It's a famous ancient city, isn't it?
I got a point.
What is weight?
Enjoy your trip .
Is there a Chinese restaurant nearby?
Do you have any flights to Miami?
This section is on the left.
I go to the bathroom every ten minutes.
Thank you very much. Mr. Kujur and I are very happy to be in London to meet you and you are one of our most important partners.
A pickpocket took my wallet.
Sidewalk number five is over there.
When is the soccer game held?
When is Halloween?
Beautiful .
Are there any side effects?
When is it time to ride?
Is the Wall Street Stock Exchange open to the public?
Sorry I wasn't home.
Where is the tourist guide office?
Where can I cash some traveler's checks?
I want a watch with which I can easily tell the time.
Sorry, I don't have small denomination securities.
It's broken. Can you check this camera?
Coffee with cream and sugar, please.
Can you say that again?
The price is ten brands.
Yes, I've been. I visited Tokyo and Kyoto on a tour two years ago.
Take me to my hospital, please.
Is there air conditioning?
Please notify us with a message when one opens.
I think there are errors in the invoice.
Please give me this.
How much is the total price?
It's the seventh gate.
Is lunch included in the price?
Are you Scottish?
Three-two-one-two. Hold on a second, okay? I need to send you something here. Excuse me.
Where will you stay?
Human relationships are important in any society, but the Japanese seem to strive to maintain and deepen good relationships.
This is ninety-nine yen. Please replace it with dollars.
I want a camera with a large focal length.
in the A.A. B . C .
Where is the store that sells boxes?
One hundred and thirty-five yen per dollar.
That's okay. You have to change at 44th Street.
Can I have the key, please?
Do you have any mini-discs?
Cropped jeans and boots will never go out of style.
Can I talk to the manager?
We have large, medium, and small sizes.
Why is the price different from what's on the meter?
Do you know a good gynecologist?
I need a dryer.
How much does the total add up to?
Can I see that?
I promised myself that I would recognize you when I saw you.
What's been going on since the last time?
So, what are your plans for the rest of the trip?
In this case, there is a table of definitions next to the driver's seat.
I want to buy two of your premium regional merchandise.
I don't feel well. Can you recommend a doctor?
All right. We will wait.
Well, I'm a freshman at ABC University and I'm majoring in history.
Where can I find a watch store?
Mr. Sato is in a meeting right now, Mr. Tanaka, can he take your call later?
When will we arrive?
What is the ETA?
Pass me the potatoes, please.
Your party is happening right now. Here you go .
Will I have to come back to your office again?
Who is the collector?
Please show me your return ticket.
Is there nightly entertainment?
Can I check my valuables with you?
Are there any messages for me?
Red wine? Isn't it bitter?
Don't worry. Some customers have tried it.
I was impressed by your language skills.
I left my appointment calendar in the phone booth.
The bathroom siphon is not working.
Do you have an account?
Are you going to go looking for my mask with me?
How long does it take to walk from here to the town hall?
I feel airsick.
Where does the circular bus leave from?
We apologize for the inconvenience. I'll get you another, right away.
One moment, please, I'll get it for you. Here it is.
Take this medication after each meal when the pain is increased.
Can this be confirmed over the phone?
I tried, but I couldn't fulfill my dream.
I put the money in a special decorated envelope called a shojibukuro.
Where's the men's section?
A person has been injured.
You didn't say that. You're overcharging me.
Come on, Mitsuru.
I want an outside line.
This is the address where I can be contacted.
I want to make an appointment.
Why don't you stop here for a while?
Are the meals served?
I booked a double.
I lost my wallet somewhere in the department store.
It's free .
I want a large, fuel-efficient car.
Can I have two tickets for tonight, please?
I want to ask for a favor.
Please tell me where to land.
Say that again.
Excuse me, did he take your picture, please?
One man was tall and the other was short.
Hamburger and stew on the right side and a salad, please.
I applied yesterday for a passport.
Delicious .
March 23rd, please.
She stole my necklace while I was out of my room.
Eighty-two Park Avenue, please.
Break my seat. It doesn't go down.
Can you ask her to call me on my account?
Give me a receipt, please.
Is it possible to repaint the living room?
Wave to a taxi to stop, will you?
I want to send this by airmail.
It can be a spark plug.
Can you let me know when the game starts?
I wonder what I can get from him?
Do you have the same piece in a larger size?
I need some aspirin.
You have to take a bus.
Please show me where the bank is.
Hold the cheese .
Can you get me a room for the night?
I have a high temperature.
We would like to invite you to dinner tomorrow night.
Oh, a walking distance of about five minutes.
So, give me two reserved seats, class C, on the 20th.
Do you have a map of the subway?
Well, goodbye then.
I have a room ready for you at the Grand Hotel. Can you go there?
This is room twelve-thirteen.
I want to book a trip to Japan on May 15th.
I'm staying with friends.
When do you start serving lunch?
I have a pain in my right eye.
Can you connect me to the sales department, please?
What seats are available? I want to sit in the center.
Do you have a Japanese translator?
Can I pass?
I need a frying pan.
Where are we leaving from?
Does this train go through El Paso?
Well, this voyage of discovery is nice.
Can I have some eye moisturizer?
Is there a connection on the flight to Glasgow?
Would you cash these tourist checks, please?
I'm far away from my friend, we would like to sit together.
I don't speak much German.
I'll take that shirt. How much is it?
It's too much.
We should definitely meet again.
Walk a straight path, and you will find them.
Yes, the actor playing the main role is excellent.
Yes, unfortunately. Our main office is located here. What about you? Is this your first time here?
Will you take these pants?
I will write to you after returning to my country.
Can we get a room with an ocean view?
Can I smoke here?
Why this amount?
Are you passing through New Orleans?
Can we rent a hall?
I wish I could take a new car.
Please guide us to a good restaurant nearby.
What's your name? What's your rank?
Can I borrow a bat and balls?
Sure, we'll bring it to the lobby at nine.
Can you bring small change with you?
Do you accept checks in Japanese yen?
Which bus to take to get to the Statue of Liberty?
I would like to leave my bags.
Excuse me. I bought this jacket yesterday, but I found a big stain here.
Can I have half a pitcher?
This is my uncle.
I would like to change the room.
Do you have this in a medium-large size?
Can I move my seat forward?
Greetings. I'm John.
I'd better go.
Are you Mrs. Ebert? I'm Hiroshi Sato. Nice to meet you.
I have a flat tire.
I'll get off at the cathedral.
I need a pot of boiling water.
Nakai .
How much is the total payment if I buy three?
Do you mind if I take a picture of you and your taxi?
Can you call me a cab, please?
No smoking, please.
Tomorrow .
Mail order might be better. It's cheaper .
White shoulder bag.
Just trimming, please.
I have to be at the airport by eight tomorrow morning.
I called three days ago about a lost bag.
I don't know what it is, but I'll give it a try.
Have you seen a black coat here?
You've crossed the line, so go to window three.
Can I take a room towards the mountain?
I forgot my camera in the taxi.
Who will perform in the show?
Air mail or regular mail?
One hundred dollars in cash, three hundred dollars in cashier's checks, and my credit card.
How much will the price be?
I want a cheaper hotel.
Do I have to fill out a customs form?
I want to use the tennis court.
Oh, there's so much to see in Greenwich Village.
Never say die.
I need some yogurt. Do you have any?
Can I change these tickets to tomorrow's show?
Can you tell me the code number to call Japan?
How long will I have to wait for the train to arrive on the platform?
Can I get in here for a United Airlines flight?
Should we wear a jacket and tie for the evening tour?
At work. I have business contacts there.
How fast do we fly?
Could you please remove the price tags. Please?
I'm at the corner of Fifth and Forty-first.
A large bottle of Coke, please.
I want to take a shower before my meal.
Your hair is beautiful.
What? You're gonna accuse me. Ha, ha, ha. I've become desensitized. Does your mom know about this?
Did you order a special meal?
I have to get up early tomorrow. So I'm going to go now.
Am I part of this?
How much do you think it costs to get from here to the airport?
How do you like your meat to be cooked?
It matches your suit.
Would you watch my bag, please?
Can you tell me how to get to Westminster Abbey?
Oh, what a luxury to play golf in Australia?
How do you like this idea? We accept your condition of a six-month advance notice period provided you give us the right to sell for six months after termination of the contract.
When is the next flight to Los Angeles?
I'd like a non-smoking section, please.
I'm going to faint.
Where is it made?
Excuse me. Do you know New York well?
Collision insurance costs five dollars more per day, do you want it?
I want to take ski lessons.
A man took my money.
What's that they're eating?
I need a calculator, please.
Give me a carton of Marlboro cigarettes, please.
Where's the boarding gate? B . C . One zero one?
He's a desirable person, isn't he?
Excuse me, which way are we going?
Can I have a receipt?
Which foundation matches my natural skin color?
You're not Chinese, are you?
We will wait. Please contact us when you are ready.
He's next in line.
Can I order this from Japan after I get back?
I would like to visit Jarrah.
Are these natural ingredients?
Would you like it to be duty free?
I want to use the safe in my room.
I want to ride in a sports car.
The minibar is empty. Can you put a beer in it, please?
Newspapers don't mind reminding their readers that December 2 is "the day the war started."
I want to open a deposit account with this bank.
Uh, okay. What time is the game?
You're so kind. I didn't know what to do.
I want to rent a bike.
What department is this seat in?
The area code is zero three. And the number is three one one two three four five five six seven.
When, sir?
Is this all the luggage on the flight, two, three, three?
I am sick. Can you call a doctor for me?
There is no soap in my room.
Here's a tip for you.
May I know your name?
He caught a cold.
Uh, no, thanks. I'm just watching.
The best thing is a miniature cylinder.
Can I see your airplane ticket? I mean your boarding pass.
Please write it down.
Can I move to a vacant seat?
I want to send this by public delivery.
Make yourself at home and have a good time.
I'm gay.
I need an electric shaver. Please .
Attractive decor?
Is this your first visit to our country?
Show me your photo ID, please.
Flight One Zero One to Narita was confirmed to take place on June 10th.
One hundred and twenty dollars per night, excluding tax.
Is this warranty valid in Japan?
You have to go with?
I have this box of fruit. It's a gift.
When is the last train?
I won't buy it. I can find it much cheaper elsewhere.
One student, please.
I've never scuba dived before.
I'd prefer the price not to reach fifty dollars.
No, you won't. You have to get off at the next stop.
Are you going to tell me about interesting places to see in this city?
I have a third grader in the middle.
The amount is ten dollars and thirty cents a day.
He sent this in a telegram to Japan.
How much is a plane ticket from New York to Los Angeles?
Where can I go scuba diving?
This food is heavy on my stomach.
Can you hold my bags until 11:00?
Yes, you can pay in yen. The amount is two thousand seven hundred yen.
Inventory control is very important to the company.
I will call the police.
I want to go to the United Airlines office.
Peace enter . I'm glad you came. Did you have trouble finding our house?
Let me transfer this call to the administrator.
How long does it take to travel by train to Dover?
Send my regards to your parents, please.
It's very good.
I will never sit in the front row.
I can't speak English.
Give me some light gasoline, please.
It hurts so much that I can't stand it any longer.
In the office there.
Which size do you want?
An empty seat, please.
Go up the stairs and turn right. It's on your left.
Can I have a Coke, please?
Do you have a Broadway tour?
Oh, dear. I didn't realize I still had these things.
Do you have boxes to send packages?
Will the airline pay for the hotel and meals?
When is the next train?
Sensitive .
The quality is excellent, it's a bargain.
The airplane departs from gate number twenty-four.
Goodbye.
Do you know a good shoe store?
Is this the first class carriage?
Will the flight leave on time?
The inland sea is calm and beautiful.
Are these all your bags?
Excuse me. I think I may have underpaid.
How would you like to make the call?
I'm sorry. Looks like we gave you the wrong keys.
Well, it's expensive. It wasn't made in Japan, was it?
Have you heard the news?
Finished filling out your disembarkation card?
Could you pass me the salt, please?
Do you have a half-bottle red wine?
Would you like to comment on this, Professor Takagi?
Do you have peanuts?
Thank you, sir. Look a moment, please, sir. Please take this bill to the cashier and pay there.
Let's see .
It's a little bit sugary.
Do you mind if I sit here?
Where is the closest restaurant to this hotel?
Can you carry my bags to the taxi?
I want to see a musical.
Which do you prefer, the 10th or the 16th?
I really enjoyed your party.
You must have your passport, immigration card and customs declaration form with you.
I'm leaving, so cash these slides, please.
I want to try some Italian food.
I need a shampoo for normal hair.
Please place your luggage on this scale.
I agree with most of what you suggested.
The tonsils are inflamed.
Please say hello to your family.
What time does the front desk open?
The shirts in this store are much cheaper.
I think he has a fever.
How long will they take?
When do you think it will be found?
Would you please cool the room down?
Goa, please.
Semi-rare .
I wish you a very happy new year.
Not quite. Most students got a C in his course, but they say his lectures are boring and discouraging.
When does Mass begin?
I'll have a large bottle of Sprite.
Four dollars if you buy it at the station, six dollars if you buy it on the train.
I think I'll take the one worth fifty cents. Give me twelve one, please.
I want to get a souvenir worth about fifty dollars.
Shampoo, please.
Do you have this in a medium gray color?
How do I use this pump?
Can you help me with this luggage?
Is there a shower?
I want to withdraw one hundred dollars from my Visa card.
The festival is one of Japan's cultural characteristics.
I can't believe it. Have you already spent everything?
Please repeat it again more slowly.
Well, I guess I'd better leave now.
Excuse me. I'd like to make a request.
Is it too far to walk to?
I can't find my bag. Can you help me?
Yes, we do, but we can't sell them.
Is it possible to change paper money into coins?
Lunch is ready.
I want to send two packages to New York.
I want to make a phone call to Japan.
We have shrimp with Newburg sauce and grilled leg of lamb.
All right. I'll send the maid right away to open the door with the master key. What's your room number?
How much are you asking for a Nikon fisheye lens?
I prefer to eat Western food.
The Pacific War lasted for four and a half years, from one thousand nine hundred and forty-one to forty-five, and was fought two years after World War II.
Do you have any snacks to go with my drink?
I want a room with a nice view.
Does he have a room for camp?
Do you want it with salt and pepper?
What entrance?
Three glasses of cantaloupe juice, please.
Can you show me how to call with a phone card?
I can speak a little English.
Is the sea turbulent tonight?
About half an hour.
Can I have a paper towel?
I have three children.
Walk forward to the end of this hall and turn left at the corner. You'll find it on your right.
Is it a full day tour?
I want to go to the famous Air and Space Museum.
Do you think it will snow tomorrow?
How much does a round-trip ticket to Oxford cost?
This must have been used for an ID card, perhaps.
Should you be in the hospital?
Go to a gym every other day.
Where can I stay during the tour?
It's all personal.
Well, where can I put my handbag? Can I put it here?
What time is the check-out procedure?
I'm looking for a gift for a small child.
Would you please warm up the room?
How much does a mentor earn per day?
The area on the right.
Your call has been connected.
Can you tell me how to call this number?
Is this for men?
Uh, really? Did he take anything?
I think this is the kind of thing we would like to import.
Any clothing stores around here?
My car broke down. I need a tow truck now.
Where can I find CDs?
I'd like a picture book, please.
Sit down, please.
Are they two-door or four-door?
What a joyous day.
I think I ordered a fish burger, but there is no fish in the burger.
Excuse me, but can you please show me how to use the shower?
Thank you . By the way, how would you prefer to pay the bill?
I just want to confirm that your CEO will be attending tomorrow's meeting.
I'm very sorry, but I'm going to be late for the meeting. I got stuck in traffic.
Can you reserve a room for me on the night of September 18th?
Is there a two-week course?
Can you help me decide which tour to join tomorrow?
I have to make reservations.
There are boats in the style of pirate ships, old ships or with rowing wheels. Others resemble a goose or a whale.
Mr. Ford told me to meet you.
We would like to go to Grouse Mountain for skiing. Can you arrange transportation?
Excuse me. I'm a college student from Japan. Are you students at NYU?
Can you tell us how you evaluate this plan?
Can I get a refund for this ticket?
How long does it take to get to Soho?
Where is the shawl?
I want to play a doubles game?
Yes, it is. I'm looking for Chanel lipstick number thirty-five.
For about two hundred dollars, you can buy a beautiful vase.
I just heard moments ago that my grandfather died.
American Airlines.
These amusement parks are always full of people.
Have you read the safety instruction card?
Do you have ice cream?
The day is windy .
Aki, do you know of a record store nearby?
Cash or credit card?
Can we watch a movie on this flight?
Do you have anyone who can speak Japanese?
I work in a trading company.
It's not polite to ask people how much they charge.
The number is nine-nine-nine-nine-nine-nine, nine-nine-nine-nine-nine, nine-nine-nine-nine, nine-nine-nine-nine.
I need some vinegar.
B . S . Symbolizes the edge of the page.
For insurance, I want full collision coverage.
I would like to make a reservation for a tour, please.
Is there any day ticket?
Is this a certified Levi's Five Zero?
What? Uh, sure. Not taken.
September 2nd, economy class, for one person.
I have to be back before six in the evening.
We have many annual celebrations besides the national holiday.
When can I take a shower?
It's in fashion this summer.
You don't look more than twenty-one years old.
Can I pay by Visa?
Excuse me. I want to go to Miami.
What kind of fruit do you have?
Do you have any low-calorie desserts?
It's really a great show.
Is there a bullet train to Berlin?
Do you have any special offers on Estee Lauder fragrances?
Do you have mayonnaise?
Please use it as a tray?
I would like a non-smoking seat, please.
I understand . It actually has a high-speed movie in it. Do you mind if I take it out?
My car hit a street light pole.
We write New Year's cards and mail them out. They are delivered on January 1st.
Center only, please.
Not many Japanese send Christmas cards, but billions of New Year's greeting cards are written, drawn, stamped, printed, and sent out year after year.
Buy it now.
Can you write it down?
Are you going to school?
I'm looking for a perfume.
Which way did he go?
That's ten dollars, and half a dollar for the tip.
I'll get one right away.
I'm Yoko Suzuki from Global Corporation.
Eight dollars. Here comes one right away.
The exchange rate isn't exactly good, but I guess I have no choice.
It's yours.
Please show it with your purchases at customs at the airport.
Turn right at the second corner and you will find one.
What do you think of the food?
You have brought more than what is allowed.
The window is dirty.
Do you want an insurance rate for both collision and probability of collision?
They will find it tomorrow.
I'm having trouble opening the door. Is it possible to change the key card?
The best one is at the front of the airplane.
Are any of the big box stores open now?
The right room behind the customer service desk.
Operator, connect me to the fire station.
You've got a dead battery.
How many bus stops should I return?
That's not true.
No, please don't. This is for my own use.
I would like to rent a car with an automatic transmission, please.
Can I drop you off at the hotel?
Another blanket, please.
I want to book a room for August 23rd and 24th.
Where's the nearest photographer?
Ice cream, please.
You can proceed to the right outside this door.
I lost my passport. Incidentally, I didn't find any passport in my suitcase. I have to fly to Tokyo tomorrow morning.
I want to make a reservation for six o'clock tonight.
Stop at the next intersection.
Can you bring us another dish?
How much is the fare from here to South Station?
Ah, here it is. Does everyone have to fill out this customs declaration form?
Can I see that earring?
I want to leave as early as possible.
Can you provide me with a suitable opportunity to dive, please?
Name and number of your tour group, please.
I took train number twelve-fifty from San Diego.
May I know your name, please?
I can't find any soap.
Is it possible to make a call and be paid by the other party?
When does the next train to Chicago leave?
Hello. How are you?
I'd like to make a credit card call, please.
I was attacked at the Pichok intersection. Please come quickly.
First of all, I have to thank you very much for the perfect program you have prepared for me.
Where is the travel section?
Of course, this bottom can be expanded or contracted as you like.
Who's playing this week?
Lemon, if you have it, and sugar.
Can you help me carry this bag?
This is a digestive aid that I usually use.
No, but if you want to use a safe, there's a two-dollar fee. Please pay it at the front desk.
I want to eat lettuce, ham and cheese on rye bread.
How can I get back here?
What is the name of the person you want to talk to?
She travels to school by train every day.
I'd like some sugar, please.
Where does this tour start?
Which course is for beginners?
Will you write the report for me?
I'm sorry, he's not in right now.
It's not an issue. We have plenty of time.
I have a splinter in my finger. Can you hand me a pair of tweezers, please?
What's the temperature?
I think there's a mistake.
How do you want to pay, cash or credit card?
Would you mind waiting just a few more minutes?
Can you fill out this health insurance form, please?
Which one is the most popular?
Look at this. Look at this one. You're going to tell me that the difference between this guy and that guy is luck? Muhammad, parking on the side of the road, and you? You won't mind if I sleep with you here. I'm late. Nice meeting you, huh?
Thank you .
Thanks for your help .
Eight to eight fifteen.
Do you have the same dark brown thing?
It depends on the timing.
When will he return?
Does your room have a view of the city?
I want my passport.
Nice to meet you.
I lost my plane ticket.
I want to try the same thing that the person sitting at this table is eating.
Please activate the key card.
I'm already on my period. Is that a problem?
It happened between Charing Cross and Green Park.
Stop .
Any messages for me?
Thank you. Can I have a receipt, please?
Can you recognize it on this map?
One zero four in the evening.
Please draw a map here.
Will you install it?
It's still very expensive. Can I have it for three dollars?
I understand, the bath water just didn't get hot enough.
We want a room in the back.
I'll have a glass of wine.
Are you going to give me a painkiller?
We're here for a visit. Our son lives in Seattle.
If available, I want it automated.
This speaker is not working properly. Can you give me another one?
You look beautiful.
Are there any hotels nearby? Please draw me a map.
Do you still have tickets to Big River for tonight?
They look almost identical.
You look beautiful.
What is the material of this suit?
Two hours before departure.
We want to split this order between the three of us.
I need a room with two beds. How much is the room per night?
Some fruit, please.
It is important.
Please leave them outside.
It's about ninety-nine miles away.
Good afternoon. I have an appointment with Mr. Drill at three o'clock today, but I'm afraid I'm going to be a little late. Will that be all right?
Do you have something with the keys?
S seats are sold out, but we still have A seats.
We want to divide this food. Can you bring small plates?
I feel sick to my stomach.
Vince and Linda want to be alone, so I'm afraid I have to stay here tonight.
Please keep these bags in customs custody.
Reduce the price.
My name is Sato.
Can I speak to one of the Japanese telephone operators?
I would like to know how much it costs to make a phone call to New York.
No really, I'm afraid so, you can take the subway from here at your own risk, so to speak.
 Thank you very much for expressing gratitude to those who have finished the work.
They escaped with a pearl necklace and other valuables.
I know an old jazz club downtown.
I will eat this meal.
Can you show me the way to the hospital?
I would love to have a dish like this.
I would like to head to the Tower of London.
I'd like to come down here.
Can I get a medical certificate?
Here's a scan of my ticket.
It's a small blue car, license plate number K three one five and registration number BR four five six zero.
Can you give us a little bit of a discount?
Do you play any sports?
There is a growing demand among collectors for this type.
We already have the plugs and sockets that are used in our country, but we don't have transformers. I suggest you go to a store that deals in tourist supplies.
Then we will take it.
Can I see you tomorrow afternoon?
Does this go up to the sixth floor?
American alligator skin.
Take care .
Two bowls of tomato cream, please.
Is the distance within walking distance, or is it so far away that I can't walk to it?
Please put it in the laundry bag and leave it there.
I'd like to develop this movie. When will it be ready?
Yes. I'd like two tickets to A Streetcar Named Desire. Are there any tickets left for tonight's performance?
Is this the right trip?
Please don't give this key to anyone other than me.
Do some light exercises and massage after the shower every day.
There is only one way out.
And so it is. I'll stop by and pick you up from your hotel at eight o'clock.
The window is good
Make the haircut hang down, please.
Are all transportation costs included?
I'm afraid you may have gotten the dates wrong.
Metropolitan Opera .
My friend is going to drive by and pick me up, so there's no problem.
This room is very noisy.
I don't have the nerve to wear something like that.
Where is the car rental place?
The ginkgo tree is especially beautiful when its leaves turn yellow in the fall.
I have a party tonight. Please do my hair.
You're asking me if we've started selling our products in the U.S.?
I feel energized since last night.
This is not to my taste.
How do you pronounce the name of this place?
Please deduct this cost from my MasterCard.
How much is your advertising budget?
Where are the restrooms?
I would like to sleep.
What types of vegetables do you have?
I want to weave my hair to make it loose.
When is the doctor coming?
I'm afraid she's three minutes late.
It's the wrong color.
The year is broken.
Is this seat next to the aisle or next to the window?
You can never go on a diet when you're this skinny.
I will be fifteen minutes late for the meeting.
One with the name of the store, please. And I'll use it to claim my insurance.
It's for my personal use.
I'd like to go somewhere where I can eat some local food.
I would like a tripod, please.
I want a cheaper bag.
I had a sudden, severe back pain.
I'm on a long hike.
I want to leave as soon as possible. Are there any early flights?
Thanks for all the tips you gave me. You're a very kind person.
Can you deliver my luggage to the room?
Which models do you want?
How about ten pounds for three?
You have to keep walking down this path until you reach a small park.
I want this .
What color are you thinking of?
We would like to have a table near the window.
I regret that they are all sold out.
Show me one for a young woman.
So everything about this place is new to you, right?
Can I walk around?
Ah. What particular characteristics of this country interest you?
Can we stay in our room for thirty minutes after our check-out time?
I'm sorry, the number is incorrect.
A much larger table, please.
Of course. It's not a big deal. Don't worry about it. I hope you'll be more careful next time.
Can you show me how to turn on the lights?
Please show me one of those in the display box.
Can you move in that direction?
Is there any change in our schedule?
I will do it.
Do you have anything that's only eighty dollars?
And most of the streets have no names or signs. So there is some difficulty in getting to where you are going just by address.
He's a very expensive artist. So, please be careful.
Please give me a sunscreen.
Please call me a taxi.
Is this fresh?
How much does the stadium rental cost per hour?
I'll give you two dollars to make it two hundred.
I'm thirsty.
Is it on the right or the left?
I want pants.
I want to do some relaxing walks.
Can I charge it?
How much does it cost to send it by airmail to Japan?
Can I get two cartons of Seven Stars?
No milk, please.
Do you know your ticket number, travel agency, date of issue and payment method?
How much does a room cost per night?
You won. Five would be fine.
I want to go back to the hotel to find my camera.
It's a matter of life and death.
You must take a taxi, as there is no public transportation.
There are twelve baseball teams in Japan.
In the third apartment complex on your left.
Or make a call from one station to another in Tokyo, please.
I would like to do the interview.
Aren't you going to play tennis with me next week?
Are we going to ride this?
Excuse me. I'm looking for a leather jacket.
What a good meal.
What clothing store would you recommend?
Can I eat the steak and skip the steak I ordered?
Three of us want to play. How much does it cost?
We will arrive thirty minutes early.
Thank you for your call.
Cigars, from your class, if you have any. What's the price?
I would like to receive a wake-up call.
Which one is Gangfroid?
Can you do it in half an hour?
I'd like a map of the bus route, please.
You are the one to blame for the accident.
Walk forward on this street for about five blocks and you will find a pharmacy on the corner. When you get there, turn right. You'll find it right on your left.
Please speak less quickly.
What's coming up next week, please?
We plan to take nine hours.
I'm looking forward to changing the guard.
Oh my God, everyone is dancing like crazy.
Can we stay on the plane because we have a child with us?
What is the artwork on display at the National Theater?
Can we get a room for the night?
Yes, I'm getting a Japanese doll for my friend.
Where is the Japan Airlines counter?
What a great party. Did you like it?
I declare this item.
Nice to meet you too, Bobby. Would you like to go swimming with us?
I have three bags.
Where is the lake?
I don't want to eat now.
I would like to have an egg omelet.
Please expand the waist area by three centimeters.
I'm looking for an interesting souvenir from Las Vegas.
That's not what I asked for.
Where do you study? Do you study here in this room, or do you go to the library?
Excuse me, press the two wooden window shutters, please.
Yeah, you're not very polite, are you?
I would like to buy new lenses.
I need more time.
When does the show start?
I'll take this.
I would like to do some shopping in this city. Can you recommend a good department store or one of the big department stores?
I don't have much time. Is this going to take long?
They're typhoons. Once they hit Japan, they cause many disasters.
Can I get a magazine or something?
I think we are. I'll check it out and I'll be right back.
Tell me, Mr. Morita, is your wife with you here in New York?
You have to change trains at the third station.
Which bus goes to Central Station?
We were only married for two days.
I would like a copy of the Lee Riders model eighteen forty-four one zero one.
It's toward the south.
Excuse me, will it take long to prepare our meal?
The best Italian food.
How much do balcony seats cost?
You can ask the information desk there if you get lost.
Are you going to wrap these things individually?
We will be taking off in a few minutes. Please make sure your seat belt is securely fastened.
Yes, but please don't let them go into the deep end or the Jacuzzi.
Where's the World Series?
We would like a room with a lake view.
Are there any mailboxes nearby?
I would like to buy a bag.
Where were you?
If I had held my ground a little longer, I would have gotten it at a lower price.
Which one do you want, the five or the ten?
I feel sick. Where's the ship's doctor?
I'm from Greece.
Determine your taste .
When will it open?
There's one behind this lounge.
I'm staying with my friend tonight.
I'm afraid your account balance is exposed.
Twenty-fourth .
Oatmeal with two eggs, sausage, and milk tea.
And it is. I'll get you there.
This is my hotel address and phone number. Can you call me at this number as soon as my bag is found?
Do you prefer a table in a smoking or non-smoking area?
The part in italics refers to changes that occurred in the 1990s.
I would like to eat a lot of vegetables today.
He is thirty years old.
I have my ID card. A driver's license will do?
Half day thirty dollars, full day fifty dollars.
The price of a surfboard is twenty-five dollars for two hours and forty dollars for a full day.
It's too warm. Can you turn on the air conditioning, please?
What is the yen exchange rate for today?
I'm Sujita in room number thirteen-twenty. I just entered the hotel, but this room is smaller than I expected. Is it possible to change rooms?
And so it is. Can you write the address again on this envelope?
Is the Fifth Avenue bus stop here?
I have three days' worth of meals in cash.
I'd like to go to Harrods. Do you have a map, please?
Where can I buy popular handmade goods?
What do you do in your free time?
How can I make a call overseas?
What are popular sports in Japan?
Do you have battery packs for this camera?
Can you please fax me a map so I can get to your office?
Are you ready to order, ma'am?
We advise you to take a tour of the city of Boston. This gives you a chance to see the important places in Boston.
I'm trying to access the address on this card.
Hello. Is this Boston Insurance?
Is there a beauty parlor in this hotel?
It was the most delicious meal.
Now you've missed it.
Which regions in Austria?
I would like to send a wireless telegram.
Are you last in line?
Where will this train go?
I think we're overbooked.
Good kick. It almost made the goal.
Can I use the phone?
What is the maximum mailing period for parcels?
I want it to be 8:30.
Can you tell me about the interesting places here?
Are there any department stores nearby?
Table for two, please.
Can you tell me if there are any good fish restaurants around here?
Well, the Empire State Building is on the right, so what you do is you go to the bus stop on that corner and you move forward. You'll find it on your right.
What's the price of this?
Which dessert do you prefer, ice cream or sorbet?
This is not possible given my budget.
Do we have to order all the food in the meal?
No, we're not ready yet.
I made a reservation for two nights.
Do you have any whiskey?
Can you call me if you find my bags?
Can I see your driver's license, please?
Who says he's calling, please?
How does that sound to me?
No, very little. This could be one of the reasons why women don't stick with a company.
How long does it take to reissue a passport?
Wrap it up, please.
It's getting better.
So am I.
I'll have some butter.
I took the wrong bus.
How big is it?
I'd like to catch a flight from San Diego.
I was thinking of taking this course next semester.
Can you cook this meat again?
Please, call a doctor.
I'm going to take an x-ray.
Is there any place to change money?
I would like to curl my hair.
Can I take some pills?
I'm afraid I won't be able to go to sleep because of this bad news.
How do you calculate the cancellation fee?
Our trip starts on July 21st and ends on the 27th.
I'm not interested.
How do you pronounce the name of this station?
I will pay myself .
Is the museum open today?
The wine is not cold enough. Can you make it colder?
Let me see a different one.
Like this, please.
I'm doing great, too, thanks.
How long will you be in New York City?
Can I skip dessert? I already have enough dessert.
Can you change me this earring to another one that can be clasped.
Is there any bus from the airport to the Sheraton Hotel?
What are you most interested in right now?
I want my money back. Can I have my money back?
Yes, number four eighty-seven.
Just one now.
Straight ahead. You will see the mark . You can't miss it.
You'll have to take it to the gift-wrapping counter.
How long will it take to print?
I hope I can visit your country.
Tell me directly.
What is the delivery time?
Draw me a map, please.
I don't have a reservation here, but do you have a room for two nights?
I'd like to check out of the hotel now. Can you take my luggage downstairs?
I might not be able to have such a drink anywhere else.
Which way is south?
If you buy this as well, it will work for the amount that is exempt from fees.
Can I have a blanket?
Did he say the next stop was 23rd Street?
Do I have to make a reservation in the dining car of the train?
Good evening, do you have any open tables for two?
What are your hobbies?
Yes, how much money do I deposit to start with?
Yes, I'll have a root beer float with my appetizer.
Please, clean this blouse.
Do you want to leave anything?
Yes, I'm my uncle.
What things were stolen?
He was tall with blonde hair.
Can I see your immunization certificate, please?
Which ones are cigarettes?
Place the tablecloth on one and crush it with this hammer.
The bus runs at night when there is less traffic. That's why it's rarely late.
I've had a stomachache for five days.
I will definitely take you there.
Do you travel a lot?
Can you lend me the drip?
Your house is too big.
I'm from the United States.
Can I have tea instead of coffee?
I don't think we've met before.
Got an extra postcard?
Can you send this to me?
I have a plane ticket to San Francisco.
I'd like some coffee.
Where is the Japanese consulate?
I want rice.
Yes, there is. Here comes the train. Have a good day.
Can I have some mustard?
Can you send a fax to this number?
Can we meet at 3 p.m. instead?
I lose the ability to see things according to their relative importance when I travel abroad and spend money left and right.
Apple pie, please.
How many paid vacations do you get per year?
Table for four, please.
Heh.
That's right. Do you want to go to the pool with me?
That would be great. I've been waiting for a chance to do something like that.
I would like to suggest toast for Mr. William.
Thanks, I'll come. We hope that you will also come to us one day.
If it's only fifteen minutes from the station, then I'll walk it.
I would like to go to the A.A. Museum.
I'm thinking of taking advantage of a special discount that ABC is offering to travelers traveling to Hawaii next month.
I think so. You'll be fine.
Can I get two tickets to Les Misérables on June 7?
Do you only sell new books, or do you also sell used volumes?
I want to send a letter to Japan.
When I was walking down Broadway.
I need a bowl of food.
One first class for one individual to Calais please.
Please call a taxi at two o'clock in the afternoon.
Healthy, thank you. And you?
Is there anything interesting here?
I want a slightly cheaper hotel.
Bonsai looks like an old person's hobby.
Please inform the Japanese consulate after informing the police.
Can I get them all? I really need them.
I haven't decided yet. Can you give me more time?
With a headache.
Would you like a drink with your meal?
Give me thirty liters.
Ah?
Is there a parade tomorrow?
It's not working. Do you have an extra one?
It's the wrong thing.
I have two bottles of whiskey.
Would you be so kind as to have coffee with me?
I need a medical certificate and a receipt for my insurance.
Migraine .
Gifts for my friends.
My chest hurts.
There is a refrigerator filled with drinks in the back of the cart.
Uh, no. Please hurry. We're late.
I'd like a bottle of water, please.
Eating in a hotel costs too much, so let's go out somewhere.
I don't want to spend more than twenty dollars.
Where do we start?
Excuse me. Where's the post office?
Please show me the costs.
Really? I don't know.
Two ten-dollar bills, please.
How do you like your meat cooked?
Describe what you have lost, please.
Why didn't the flight take off? Tell me what's going on.
What's your blood type?
Can you show me the way?
I'd like an appetizer, please.
What are the most popular diet foods in your store?
You have to go to Vienna.
How much is the fare? Can you write it down on a piece of paper?
Shall we wait for a table?
Is Hudson Street the third stop?
Where is the Lufthansa check-in desk?
Please take a picture of us.
I want to rent a boat chair.
Your name and address are here.
Please wait a minute.
Do ladies have to wear a cocktail dress?
Whose business is this?
Black is beautiful .
Please take a picture of me.
Don't touch me.
I want to contact a car rental company.
A table by the window, please.
Please let me know when we get to Boston.
I would like to dye the color red please.
Did you keep your check numbers?
I want to buy the best seats possible.
Now go to customs.
Do you have any cigarettes?
I prefer to sit at the front of the airplane.
My message light is on.
We have to call the information desk in the corner of the hotel lobby. They will make the reservation.
Which station?
He is a thief.
The flavor of this soup is strong.
What's in this bag?
We can go to Tiki Point if the wind is not too strong.
It's for my personal use.
Wonderful .
I'd like a movie of this type of artificial light, please.
The goal is to help the bereaved with funeral expenses.
I will close now. Thank you for your attention.
I'm sorry. I'll get you some tea right away.
Excuse me. Can I have a blanket?
Do you understand me?
Uh, okay. Turn left at the next corner. You'll see it right in front of you.
Is there any place to rest?
Do you have other colors of this?
Does this include the price of the bullet train?
When and where can I get it?
Who is this?
Which do you think is better for my skin, dark colored nail polish or light colored nail polish?
Thank you. That means we'll be arriving early in the morning. Do you think I could take the subway downtown?
What kind of substances does the medicine contain?
Yes, I have a room reservation for one person. The name is Matsui. MATSUI.
Do you have the open front of those?
Excuse me. Can you show me where the taxi stand is?
Uh, thank you. Uh, I see what happened.
How far is it to this hotel?
Can you show me where the seat is on a map, please?
He said he would call you later.
Please adjust your seats to the upright position.
And to drink?
Does this street lead to a C&A department store?
Sorry to bother you. Can I get a red pencil?
I want to make an appointment with Mr. Watson.
I'll show you how to use chopsticks to eat.
Excuse me, Officer. Can you help me? I can't find the ABC National Museum.
The waiter will come to take your order. Please call the waiter when you are ready to order.
Here it is.
No, I'll take them on account.
Can I use a traveler's check?
Yeah, we have some. What kind do you want?
Isn't it cold?
I'm at Kennedy Airport right now. What's the fastest way to get to your hotel?
You're in seat sixteen A. Walk down this aisle, to your right.
No jeans or short-sleeved shirts.
How do you like it? I mean, what do you like in a ham sandwich?
Are you pregnant?
Can you call us a cab?
We are happy to accept your offer.
Where is the nearest hardware store?
I've never done it before.
How accurate is that?
Uh-huh. It doesn't work, does it? You can move to a vacant seat if you want to.
Is there a book in Japanese?
There is no stock, but it has been ordered.
The best vegan restaurant.
The door lock is broken.
Yes, here it is.
I'm looking for this.
Number five, one, one, seven, two, seven, three in Los Angeles, please.
Is there a tour?
Which cold medications do you recommend?
I don't like pork.
Please note this on the service page. There is an overcharge.
Please send this parcel post to Japan.
I will take it with me.
I'll be back .
Yes, sir. And what would you like to end the meal with?
Can I stay on the airplane during the waiting period?
Of course. We'll have it fixed by the time you get back.
A regular bus or a sleeper bus?
Traveler's checks. Thank you. Take your ticket and boarding pass. Be there an hour before the flight time, please.
I'm the one who thanks you.
Just a small piece.
Where are you from originally?
Yes. I've been wanting to visit here for a long time.
Of course. It seems as if there's no issue.
It's a sharp pain.
I will pay with my insurance.
The name is Goro Motoyama. And the number is zero three three three two six one two four nine five.
Are there any tours to the Statue of Liberty?
I feel very sick.
Come on. Just say it out loud.
Today we have some great plaice meals.
Uh, okay. I'll tell you what to do. You didn't tell who you're with and I won't tell who I'm with.
What do you usually do in your free time?
I hope we meet again someday.
It's green, and about this size.
Please give me a map of the city.
When is Kosi's Love Story coming out?
Sorry, no one is answering the phone.
I have a nosebleed.
Some go to Tokyo Central Station and large hotels.
Thirty pounds, please.
Excuse me. Where's the pay phone?
Uh, okay. Are you having coffee now or later?
Thanks anyway.
Yeah, I had fresh oysters last night. They tasted weird.
I think it makes me look older.
Can you show me this, please?
Guide me to the hottest reggae clubs in New York.
What does a band consist of?
Today we have minestrone, cream of asparagus, and vegetable soup.
How is your product different from your competitor's?
Is it okay for anyone not to follow security instructions?
I'll have an unsweetened martini. And an orange juice for her, please.
Have you ever had any heart disease?
My eyes are swollen.
I'm looking for a short-sleeved cotton shirt.
Something less than a hundred dollars, please.
He leaves here at nine o'clock.
Thanks, exactly the same, but I actually have to go.
Glossy surface please.
I want eight ten-dollar bills and twenty one-dollar bills.
We have this new product designed for working women.
I will hold this .
It's a high-quality, reliable service.
Are back streets dangerous?
Yes. Please take the necessary action.
Yeah, just one. When will I know? And how will I be compensated?
Just look, thanks.
I think you should be able to get it all at the supermarket. And don't worry if you can't. I'll go to the pharmacy tomorrow.
That's not necessary, sir. We'll take care of that when you check in. Check-in starts at 2:30 pm, but we can hold your bags if you want to do some sightseeing before that.
Here's my ID card.
Can you get me a pot of boiling water?
I have a chronic illness.
I think there is an error in the bill. Could you please review it?
We prefer a table by the window.
Can you empty the ashtray, please?
What are the popular tourist attractions near here?
Nice to meet you, Mr. Smith.
I want to extend my stay by two days.
Please show me the cheapest way to go to San Francisco.
Would you do me a favor?
What kind of perfume do you want?
Is this the shortest direct line?
Let's see. The game starts at 2:00? Uh, we should be able to make it.
I want to get off at St. Paul's Station.
How safe is it?
May I attach a letter to it?
Mr. Watson, internal hyphen number two zero one, please.
I don't know which one to put.
Do you know the restaurant, Kyoya?
Here it is. These are the most common ones.
I have a reservation, Akiyama.
When you get off the elevator, you will see him to your right.
Okay, press this button. Bummer, that doesn't work. Sorry, it's broken.
How do you do, Mr. Takagi? We haven't met since last spring, have we?
We saw a lot of migrating fish.
I'll be back later.
I want to know when I can come back here.
One way.
I'm going to get fat if I keep sitting here eating constantly.
If you need any assistance, please ask the flight attendants on board. We have Japanese, French, Chinese and Spanish speaking crew on board.
One hundred dollars without tax.
Please fasten your seat belt and watch the "No Smoking" sign until it goes off.
Does it have a bathroom?
Here's your boarding pass and claim card.
Can I get an extra plate?
I want some medicine.
There are two of us, so can we get the large size?
I left my passport in the taxi.
Forty dollars.
Is there a good nightclub with flamenco dancing?
Our hotel makes arrangements to provide a maid for childcare.
Sorry, we're going to be twenty minutes late.
Are there any Japanese restaurants near here?
Something easy to drive with a left-hand steering wheel and a two-liter class.
Is it indoors or outdoors?
This is my forwarding address.
Yes, you can. Here's your claim card and boarding pass.
Uh-huh. I think 7:00 p.m., I suggest.
I locked the car on the way out. The key is inside.
You can achieve a better score.
That's a beautiful dress you're wearing.
I didn't think it would be this crowded.
I have severe pain around my stomach area.
Can you change my seat to one in the non-smoking section?
This amount is for long-distance calls.
Are you planning to start selling your products in the US?
Can you get me another beer?
Jim and I have been friends since high school.
Fried eggs and deviled eggs with salted ham, please.
Ticket for ten travelers, please.
One moment, please, ma'am. I'll check it out.
My foot hurts.
No one with my name lives here.
Where is the nearest laundromat?
Where can I find the sightseeing bus? When and where can I take the bus?
The top is rather large. Can you adjust it?
Can we switch seats, please?
Is there a golf course here?
I would like to cancel my reservation on the May 5 flight and book another flight on May 9 instead, please.
Our seats were separated.
Can I keep this key card?
Is there anyone who can understand Japanese?
In fact, I want to take out an insurance policy on this package as well.
I'm very sorry to hear about the loss of your father. Please accept my deepest condolences.
I want Italy, please.
Have you finalized your paperwork?
Five ten-dollar bills, please.
Can I get two tickets for two adults to see the Cats?
It's best to sit back and catch your breath after your long flight from Japan.
The bill came to a hundred dollars.
Emergency exit ports are located at the front, center, and rear of this aircraft.
What pay is not included in this?
Has it been followed?
Well, your reservation has been reconfirmed.
Where is the burn on your hand?
Who are the designers?
Can you wrap them together?
Blue Cat . An old jazz quartet.
Which carriage is this compartment in?
The heel is too high.
We want a table on the balcony.
Congratulations, I heard you got a job at ABC.
Does it include the price of the service?
This means that the movie may not be suitable for children under the age of fifteen. Therefore, parents need to consider whether to let their children watch the movie.
I want to reserve a good table to watch the show.
It costs ninety-nine dollars.
You'll have an hour to do whatever you want here.
I want to get back to Tokyo before Friday.
How do you want the money? Please fill out this paper and sign here.
Is jewelry duty-free?
What's your favorite movie right now?
I'm not sure now.
I bought a lipstick as a gift.
When are you leaving?
I'm sorry, can you repeat it, please?
Until September of one thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine.
Can I take this class even as a beginner?
I want to shop. Where is the shopping area near here?
We want to see a movie. What do you recommend?
Who did it?
But as you know, LT will make it cheaper.
How much do you charge for a long-distance call to Tokyo?
What other colors are available for Chevrolets?
I can't decide what to order. What do you recommend?
My stomach hurts sometimes.
How much do you charge per person?
I moved up the departure time.
Don't you sell them individually?
Do you have any low-calorie dishes? I'm currently on a diet.
Can you book me into a theater?
This way, turn right.
I have a bottle of Japanese rice wine.
Unreserved seat please.
Uh, I'm sorry. Uh, here you go. Can I get a drink?
No fee is necessary.
I want you to come with me, please.
You are now booked.
I want to book an economy class seat on the flight to London on Sunday.
It's thirty words. So three dollars, please.
The concierge can help you, or you can get it by taxi.
Is the zoo closed?
Yes, I have two tickets for Giants and Scammers.
We are one of the largest suppliers of microcomputers.
What's the father's name?
I want to book a small bedroom.
Two people .
Thank you. Me, too. See you later.
My name is Suzuki. I have a reservation for six o'clock.
Cigarettes, please.
I just want a haircut.
I want a chain bracelet.
Double room with bathroom, please.
She fell down the stairs.
I want to walk around the island.
Let's take a break. Do you want a coffee?
I'm coming.
I left the key to the room inside. May I borrow the duplicate key, please?
What ice cream do you recommend?
Huh. This one. The color looks good on you.
How much do I tip?
Excuse me. Does this bus go to the Union Square Holiday Inn?
Can I get out of the car in Boston?
Can you get me a ticket?
Can I get a big bag?
This soup is very hot.
I want carrots.
We will contact you as soon as we find her.
Is one of your hobbies collecting stuffed animals?
I want to make a reservation on Japan Airlines on March 20th.
There is no ice.
Where are the foreign language books?
Can Japan produce all the food it needs?
Do you have any Japanese novels?
Two chips and a bottle of Sprite.
It's busy today.
Give me cigarettes.
So it means I didn't fail at all.
It's illegal to enter the country. Uh, sorry. Well, I'm guessing on how to take care of everything.
How many vacation days do you get in a year?
We will stay for at least a week.
I need an air pump.
Can I take the electric subway to Marin Tower?
The AA flight eleven that I was supposed to be on was canceled.
Oh, really? I live in Kamakura and I wish you could come see my house.
Where's the men's room?
I think it's fairly clear to me.
I have some things that need ironing.
Please give me your phone number.
Excuse me, can you recommend a hotel?
Ahh. How I've missed seeing you here.
This is the last thing I'm going to do.
Trains depart from King's Cross.
I lost my suitcase.
When will we return?
Japanese teenagers are interested in music.
I want to measure these shoes.
Yes, I called a little while ago.
Do you have a non-sweet wine that's not too expensive?
I put on hairspray today.
Is the plane on time?
How much do you charge to reissue them?
Where can I buy tickets for the mountain elevator?
Yeah, me. They used to live next door to me in California, but they moved to Florida two years ago. What about you? Do you travel alone?
Stonehenge sounds interesting. Are there any tours that go near there?
I was seriously injured in my right foot.
I'm staying at the Hilton.
Don't you have any food to eat?
When does the train start?
By postal mail.
How would you like your steak, sir?
I want to take the express bus to the airport.
I'm sick .
Thank you for coming to pick me up from the airport. You're very kind.
My child looks exhausted with a fever.
I'm afraid Saturday is going to be overcast.
How much does it cost to rent a car with a driver for a period of time?
This size, please.
Medals of Cultural Merit are awarded to outstanding artists and scientists on this day.
I am Japanese .
I love apples, but today I want to eat grapes.
Please deactivate my card.
A bottle of red wine, okay?
Absolutely. Do you have something specific, a particular food in mind?
Is this five cents silver?
What's this sauce for?
I have a thousand dollars in cash.
Go left. It's to the right.
How much do you charge for three days?
Would you please carry this luggage?
This is very expensive.
A small car, preferably a Japanese car.
What is this country's specialty?
We have two or three nice ones in the vicinity. Do you want me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. Take the bus to Kyoto Station.
Can I have a hundred grams of butternut squash salad?
Want another stamp?
By the way, did you fill the tank before returning the car?
I want to go to San Diego.
There was a political reform after his death, which is known as the "Taika Era Reform".
Is this for members only?
I left my handbag on the train.
I'm sorry, but the word "omeditoguzaimasu" is so long that it's hard to count the number of words. Since each word should have no more than fifteen characters, I want you to divide it into two.
She's leaving from bus stop number two.
If you want to.
What types of salads do you have?
Can you draw a map so I can get there?
I'll take what you recommend.
What's on offer now?
I'd like a fountain pen, please.
Yeah, uh, pay with a credit card.
Please bring breakfast to my room.
Do you have any pantheon tours?
I dropped my spoon.
Please cash a personal check.
The room rate is six thousand yen per night.
Yes, thank you. My name is Mayumi Yamaguchi from Japan. I arrived at the hotel a few moments ago.
My foot hurts.
The sun is really hot. Did you apply sunscreen?
It takes about half a day. The tour guide will be here to pick us up around 9:00 am.
Where is the stadium?
There's a bottle missing.
I want an Italian costume.
Well, from the looks of it, you're about the same size as me. I usually wear a medium.
The old wall clock has stopped. Can you replace it?
Well, it's a little tight at the shoulders.
I need a replacement card. When can I get it?
Can you call the police?
My phone number is four zero four one two three three four five five six seven.
Is there an issue?
New Year's dishes called osechi ryu are prepared in almost every household nowadays.
Can I bring this on the plane?
The half-day tour opens up the desire for other things.
I'll ask if I can take a picture with him.
What kind of leather is this book bag made of?
All right. All I want to know is whether the project will turn a profit.
It's very tasty.
The fare is different from the meter reading.
You're kidding. Is there a cheaper way to send it?
I want to convert Japanese yen to US dollars.
It's beautiful. Do you want a mustache to go with that?
Can I move on to first grade?
I want to check out now. Would you mind dropping off my luggage?
Recharge the battery, please.
Is there a clinic nearby?
I'm ready to order.
Do you have a screwdriver?
Who do I call if I get into trouble?
Are you leaving this flight on time?
Herbal bath salts make your skin feel soft and smooth.
I'll take three hundred grams of this.
He rushed into the center of the street where there was no intersection.
Coincidentally, do you have travel insurance for this trip?
It's for your personal use, of course.
Write down the name of the airline and the flight number.
I want to leave the car at the San Francisco airport.
Some candy?
I want to confirm the departure time.
I'll be at the Hilton.
Can you mail me this letter?
Really. Today is Sunday, and Sunday is the worst day.
We are a family of four including my parents, my younger sister and myself.
What's the artist's name?
Ask him to call before ten o'clock Japan time.
How do I get to the temple?
What to drink?
Can you tell me the phone number of a taxi company?
Three fried doughnuts and a small doughnut, please.
I'll be there in about an hour.
Hello. Pier One Fish and Grill. May I help you?
Thank you. May I speak with Mr. Yamata, please?
Is there a duty-free store nearby?
How do you withdraw money?
Uh-huh. I'd like to reconfirm my reservation on Flight 17 to Tokyo on Sunday. My name is Riku Mori. M.O.R.I.
I want to know what kinds of colors will be in fashion this fall.
I'd like to reserve a sleeper seat for Washington DC, please.
I suggest you also visit the United Nations building on the banks of the East River.
It's ninety-nine. I want to spend about ninety-nine dollars.
Please show me this pipe. Third .
If this person is a Buddhist, yes. But many families have funerals in their homes.
White shirt and socks.
About a thousand dollars.
What is the price of the cheapest ticket?
Beef sirloin steak and a green salad, please.
Uh, okay. Please make yourself comfortable. Let me know if you need anything.
This is the one I'm wearing.
I want to order a pizza. Who delivers here? What's the number?
I'll be late.
Do you have a better room?
It takes a whole day. The state guide will be here to pick us up at 9:00 a.m.
Please choose a good wine for our meal.
I'd like a fifty-dollar bill and five ten-dollar bills, please.
Tokyo has a population of about twelve million. It is crowded and the price of housing is high.
You can make a live call from your room.
How much do you charge as a single-use surcharge?
No ice, please.
How much more time before we start?
Is this cream for dry skin or oily skin?
Excuse me. I got lost.
Uh, okay. I was thinking about sushi. How about you?
I want to sign up for tomorrow's optional tour.
Uh-huh. It's a waste disposal issue.
I want this model for five studded places.
Do you give me a discount if I buy them all?
Most families have two sources of income.
Ahh. This silverware is a rare Moon and Bell. Do you want to change it?
Can I have two quart containers of milk?
We'll stay all night.
I want to rent a car.
November 3rd is Culture Day.
I'm looking for a shirt for my ten-year-old daughter.
I lost my passport.
Yes, I have these.
My mom and sister are coming from Japan to see me. They will arrive here around 7:00 p.m.
Put the phone down once, please.
Help.
You charge more than the fare.
Wait. Three blocks and turn left?
Who is the hero?
Is there a market nearby?
I don't know how to close these curtains.
How do I get to Central Park?
I got mad at him.
Send it by express mail, please.
Please send these as unaccompanied luggage.
How much is the bus fare to Boston?
Go through this door and turn to your right.
You have to pay extra for the sweet.
I'm looking for others.
My name is Hisae Chiba. I am Japanese.
I want some mustard.
Give me a box of these.
The brown color is popular this year.
Yes. But we have a lot of small independent retailers in smaller towns and even in the old district in the center of Tokyo.
Do you have anything of better quality?
What do you recommend I see in Kyoto that is better than anything else?
Good idea. When are you planning to come?
Where do you work?
Can I order a vegetarian meal?
How much is the room rate?
It's not that bad. But I would prefer it to be a little more spicy.
Can you recommend a French-English dictionary?
Uh, thank you. It was nice to see you. Goodbye.
Can I take a break at a nearby hotel?
Eighteen dollars for stamps. This is a customs declaration for your package.
When is the doctor coming?
All right. Two seats, please.
Are there any drinks on board?
The clouds look beautiful from here.
Can I help in any way?
I want to see the financial district.
I take swimming lessons.
Do you have any coffee ready?
This airport terminal is not very busy on Tuesday afternoons.
Is it too bright?
Yeah, let me see. I want a bottle of wine to start with.
Fix the lamp, please.
I want to change my reservation.
You may lose your reservation if you forget.
Any good person will do.
We'll meet you at the pool around one o'clock, okay?
No. This platform is for trains traveling in the opposite direction.
Where is the market?
Uh, thank you. I appreciate it very much.
I want to have dinner for less than thirty dollars including drinks.
I want you to make me these clothes.
Uh, hi. I made a reservation for tonight at 7:00. But I want to change the time. My name is Suzuki.
Do you have your passport and ticket? You see, this is a duty-free shop.
What kind of products are best for oily skin?
It's about to start.
How do you feel about going to the movies?
I want to cash a traveler's check.
No, we don't do that, sir.
I would like to measure my racing suit.
You can go on foot or by subway. Here is the subway map.
Here's the tip, for you.
I'd like a sandal, please.
Fruitful flowers. They bloom in the spring.
Two more beers, please.
I thought you guys only ate baked cookies.
Ten, please.
Uh, thank you. Please let me know when we get there. I'm a complete stranger to London.
Black. Can you show me another pair in black?
How long does it take to get the switch and how much does it cost?
Please warm the room immediately.
Uh, okay. Let me get a round-trip ticket.
How was it? Was it good?
They are usually a light snowfall an inch or two thick.
At the Plaza Hotel, room number seven zero two.
I don't know. I'm new to all of them.
Your song is beautiful, wonderful.
I'm dropping you off right now.
I just ate a little while ago.
What is the price of a first class ticket to Edinburgh, please?
It's my pleasure.
Do you have stamps?
Absolutely. When do you want to play?
When will it be the closest?
It looks like the money you gave me is ten dollars short.
Uh, hello there. Is this the Brown family?
May I see that hat in the display case, please?
I called Mr. Smith in room two-zero-one a moment ago, but no one answered. Can you see if he's still staying here?
It will be fine if the weather is nice tomorrow.
How long does it take from here?
I asked for a non-smoking seat, but now I'm sitting in a smoking seat.
Uh, okay. Please reserve two first class seats on this flight.
You have appendicitis.
Can you find me a babysitter?
A small brown bag. It's made of leather.
I want a modern one.
Which is more convenient : Bus or subway?
Two o'clock and ten minutes.
His ankle is swollen.
I was really lucky to get a ticket tonight. I didn't arrive in the city until three o'clock in the afternoon.
One of the window locks is broken.
I work at a publishing company.
I want to send it by courier.
Would you be so kind as to fill this out?
Are there any private rooms available in First Class?
Can I have my box of gifts for them?
What's this street?
I brought too many souvenirs to put in my suitcase, I wish I had a suitcase or something.
Can you weigh this package?
Yes, sir. Let me take care of your luggage first.
Same thing, please.
Well, my reservation has been confirmed, so could you call the manager, please?
What do you call this in English?
Keep walking through this corridor, and you'll find it on the right side.
I don't have any money.
I want to insure this.
Check everything, please.
Give us a nice table close to the stage, please.
Shall we go to a bar?
Can you get me a smaller size?
Good morning. This is the front desk. May I help you?
If you are going to smoke, please move to rows forty through fifty.
Quiet .
Please roll up your sleeves.
It's very generous of you to let me stay here.
Does this bus go to the airport?
I want to reserve a table for three.
How about this afternoon, around four o'clock?
Three o'clock in the morning.
On the fifth floor.
Where do I report it?
Do you have a course for beginners?
I need a number of crayons.
It is not necessary to clean the room.
Uh, okay. Come on in.
Yes, sir. I come here for breakfast every day, Monday through Friday, before I go to work.
Isn't it a beautiful day?
Who is the manager?
Open your bag, please. These are pills, aren't they?
Can I make a reservation for 8:30 a.m. tomorrow?
There are no issues.
Please call me three, two, six, two, nine, one, eight.
Saturday is not good because I have to help my parents.
I want to go to the nearest bus stop.
He stole my passport.
Served with rice and vegetables.
I want to change my order.
Yes, sir. I'll transfer your call right away. Please hold.
I would like to invite you to a birthday party.
Well, you have to call me before you come next time.
Where is the field?
Do you have any other travel plans?
You can pick them up at the gate before boarding. Please show me that receipt right there.
Yes, we can serve you starting at seven.
There are no such stores in Japan. So, what can I do?
Yes.
Please lie here.
What a fast service!
I want to change my flight to October 9th.
A popular pork ribs meal here.
Can you tell me when the bus will arrive at 42nd Street?
Turn left at the second sign, please.
Where are the other people?
What floor?
In different colors?
Maybe it will still go up.
Is there a microwave?
Where is the convention center?
First class, non-smoking seat please.
Should I stay in bed?
Can you re-release within a day?
What's your signature dish?
I'm with my husband.
Can you show me a couple of ID cards?
My blood type.
Can I move to a room with an ocean view?
One-way ticket, please.
Can I walk there?
What kind of room do you prefer?
Please turn left at the next intersection.
Show me, please.
Excuse me. How do I get to the bank?
Of course . T.A.N.A.N.A.K.A. The card number is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. It will expire in September of two thousand and one.
Close, what time?
Is there a bus service to the Ford Museum?
Please hang up the stirrups.
Uh, yes. Your name and room number, please.
A traveler's check, okay?
How long does it take to reach Japan by airmail?
Do taxis come here?
The World Trade Center might be a good place.
What did he say?
What's the dress code?
Uh, okay. See you at two o'clock on Sunday.
It is a small blue bag that is carried at night.
Should I switch to another airplane?
Can you tell me the St. Louis area code?
I need telephoto camera lenses.
Of course. I've been driving around this area for more than ten years.
I need a lamp.
Can I get medication?
I have tremors and nausea. Is there a chair for me to lie on?
Is that vinyl?
My key, please. Room number three forty-one.
Can you mark it on my map?
Where should I wait?
Where is the shopping center?
I want to pass through New York on my way to Toronto.
He broke the slider zipper. Do you have more of the same?
Please convert this money into dollars.
I get tap water, with ice.
Do you have free movies?
Today, the first dive site is one of the most popular cliffs in Hawaii.
Please move me to another room.
I need a thermometer.
That's pretty low.
There is something wrong with the filter.
I want to make a reservation for seven o'clock.
I want to reserve two seats for Friday evening.
Can you reconfirm my flight? Here's my ticket.
It's over there behind the hospital.
How much is a second class ticket to New York?
What erotic novel do you recommend?
We have aspirin.
I cut myself.
Put the phone down, please.
How do I get there?
I need a urine sample.
Do you have this in dark green?
Can you take me to Canterbury and bring me back here?
You are supposed to take your luggage from the luggage carousel.
How long does the train stop here?
You need to take stomach medicine.
Are they open on Sundays?
How much do you charge per month?
Please give me your honest opinion on this.
Can I have another fork?
Thank you so much for your kindness.
How much is the overage fee?
My gums bleed when I squeeze them.
Can you keep this with you?
I pasted the baggage claim tag on the ticket cover.
The drunks are the same in every country.
Uh, okay. Why don't you check the restroom first? I'll check and see if it's in the restaurant.
Please show me a slightly smaller one.
I'm wounded and I need an ambulance.
Where can I take the limousine to the Hilton Hotel?
Water is leaking from the pipe.
Can you send me the things you left?
Can I make a call from this phone?
I'm not sure.
I want to try the local specialty.
Sorry, we don't sell tickets to the theater.
I want to see this.
Ah, that's nice. What should I do?
Next, I want to draw your attention to map number one dash three.
Is there any change to the Two Five Two flight to Osaka?
I want to extend my stay here for a couple more days.
What do you think of this paper airplane made in Scotland?
Uh, that's what I want to do now. One, two, sleep.
Please change my seat.
I'd like a light wave in my hair, please.
Is there a minivan coming to pick us up from the Holiday Inn?
There must be a mistake.
Of course. How long do you think it will take?
I can give you a poultice, but I suggest you go to the doctor to get an x-ray.
Please make yourself comfortable and stretch your legs.
You're right, I know. Why don't we go there together?
We have very nice shrimp today.
It all happened so suddenly. So I didn't see their faces.
Uh, thank you. Can you make the salad?
Can it be delivered to this address?
Uh, one more, please. I may have blinked.
How late does it stay open?
Bring me a plate, please.
I can speak a little English.
Well, I don't like this color. Do you have this in blue?
Please let me know the address to contact you in case of emergency.
I made sure to fill up the gas tank when I returned the car.
The house looks cozy and comfortable to live in.
When does this plane leave?
This was damaged.
Yeah, okay.
Let's go again.
Two tickets for tonight, please.
For smokers or not?
Do you sell tax-free goods?
She cut her head.
Is this the baggage carousel for flight seven one four?
I heard about twenty dollars.
My name is Noguchi. I called you from the hotel a moment ago.
It's too expensive for me. Can't you lower the price a little?
Where's the Japanese Embassy? Would you mind drawing me a map?
I want a room with a nice view.
I'm ready Wednesday morning or Friday afternoon.
Is it close to a subway station?
I didn't make a reservation.
Bus? I think you mean a limousine to take you to the hotel. Which hotel are you going to?
Can you take a picture of me?
I want to withdraw four hundred dollars from my account.
I'll be there in ten minutes.
What hours are they open?
This is Mr. Suzuki speaking, I want to ask about hotel reservations.
How long will you be in Germany?
Can I have a private lesson?
This movie contains a lot of violence that is not suitable for children. It should be banned.
Can you please make the thermostat warmer?
Please adjust the afternoon plan?
Because summers in Japan are usually very hot, and we didn't have air conditioning back in the day.
Thank you. Please go upstairs and bring the rest later.
Please drop me off at Fifth Avenue.
How long does it take to get to the airport?
I need a remedy for pimples.
I want to make a reservation at seven o'clock.
Can you call me a cab at eight o'clock tomorrow morning?
Do you have porn?
Is there a Japanese menu?
My car broke down.
He is suspicious.
My friend fell off the cliff.
I'm pleased to make your acquaintance, sir.
How much did phone calls to Japan cost?
I can't get in.
Why don't we wait for the bus under the tundra?
When will it be available?
Uh, excuse me. I think my seat is next to yours.
Here we are. This is the British Museum.
Uh, hello. Here's a menu.
I want to shine my shoes.
Come on, Kenji. Let me show you around the office.
Yes, it's open from nine to nine.
It was like a dream.
Three o'clock.
I'm sorry I can't accept the invitation because I have another appointment.
How late can we use the facilities?
I can't sleep well at night.
I left my handbag somewhere.
What list do you recommend?
How did the recession affect the company?
Does it include service charge and tax?
I will go to the gate in my wheelchair.
I feel much better now. Thank you so much for everything.
Where can I fix it?
No, not yet. But I'd like to go there someday.
I have another appointment.
Can I have something to read?
I want to schedule a blow-dry at three o'clock.
How long does it take to get there?
It's cold. Maybe I'll ask for another blanket?
Does this line go to San Diego?
How long does it take to reach Japan by land mail?
Turn left after you cross this pedestrian bridge.
So, are these terms acceptable?
I can't take much more of this.
A glass of light beer, please.
I want a pack of cigarettes.
Can I get a map of the city's roads?
Many cases of colds are common these days.
Please heat the dish again.
Should I wear a tie?
I need a shampoo for dry hair.
How do I get to Wani Hotel?
I'm afraid you've come to the wrong table.
I want to study medicine.
You still owe me a dollar and seventy cents.
Are there any care instructions?
Uh, okay. I'll have the Chablis. And you, Jane?
This is exactly what I was looking for.
No, the leather bags are higher. This one's leather. One hundred and seventy-five dollars.
We are interested in furniture.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I don't understand your explanation.
Do you sell fountain pens?
No, we won't. I have to be home before seven.
Transportation had to be arranged. Going to Boston.
Where is the best place for sightseeing?
The game is over .
Do you have the pure silver color of this?
I seem to have lost my MasterCard while shopping here.
Uh, no, thanks. I'm sleepy now.
I'm having trouble. Please help me.
On which floors are the men's clothing located?
My right hand was burned by the hot water in the bowl.
How can I get tickets?
My name is Cami. I have a reservation here for two nights.
Hurry to the airport, please.
I don't speak English.
You're so cute.
We'll take the subway, but we have to get souvenirs first.
I was pickpocketed. I had about two hundred dollars in my wallet.
Yes. Under the seat.
Where is the nearest health food store?
Uh, no. Later, please.
I feel a cold chill.
Is it durable?
I had a lot of fun.
What are the descriptions of the subject?
Well then, I want a smaller racquet stick like the one with Julia Roberts.
Where is this seat?
There are a lot of historical areas.
Can you take this, please?
Where is the best place to visit with my friend?
No, no, no. I'd like to see you.
Does it have a warranty?
Uh, okay. I can give it to you.
Where's the nearest store?
When will we arrive?
Then walk through the green channel.
What are the prices of the dishes today?
Can you convert French francs into pounds sterling?
Passengers traveling on ABC Airlines Flight Seven Zero Three to Tokyo, please proceed to Gate Twenty for check-in.
Where can I take my luggage on Japan Airlines Flight 21?
Where is the bus stop for B?
Six drinks is ten dollars and fifty cents, sir.
Uh, I'm sorry. Maybe you had somewhere in mind. Where did you want to go?
May I take your order, sir?
Can you insure this package?
What kind of hairstyle is popular in the U.S. right now?
What is Leonio's birthstone?
Do you have measles?
Do you like music?
Bathroom, flood.
Yes, Dr. Johnson kissed me yesterday.
Do you know where it will be held?
Can you explain to me how to close the door?
I want to take a lesson on scuba diving.
Where was this originally made, and how long ago?
Where should I leave it after a week?
I understand. You're just overcharging.
Uh, hi. I'd like to order a coffee and a quick sandwich.
Damn it. I stopped at a security checkpoint again.
One by one entry, please.
Walk in a straight line, and you will find it to your left.
My ankle hurts.
I feel a little dizzy.
He seems to be enjoying the ride.
What bus were you on?
Would you recommend a comedy movie?
Well, what do you think of this high-quality goat leather belt?
Where can I buy tablecloths?
It's on this sheet of paper.
Can I get a medical report and receipt for my insurance?
I would like to make a hotel reservation, please.
Please wait a moment. I'll go and ask him.
Drop him off at the Page Hotel, please.
What is the price of the cheapest seat?
Seats as close together as possible, please.
The door will not open.
Would you mind taking a picture with us?
Do you have fried fish?
Can I hire a Japanese-speaking guide?
Which do you think is a better gift for an eight-year-old boy?
You mean within the city limits?
 One Blue Plate Special. Did you prepare it?
Do you have maps of the downtown area?
This is Ali .
I just came by to say hello.
Please fill it up when you return the car.
What do you recommend? I don't know what works because I'm not a smoker.
How long do you want to use it for?
Can you call someone who speaks Japanese?
I want a dinner that costs in the neighborhood of forty dollars per person.
Do you want me to take your picture?
It seems to have been stolen.
Toast and a cup of coffee, please.
Your name and address, please.
Uh, hi. Can I help you?
Around fifty-eight minutes, if you don't mind.
I didn't have this dish.
Are there any facilities for the disabled?
Will the wound remain on my skin?
We use chopsticks for meals.
Joyful parties are held under fruit trees.
I arrived on United Airlines flight number five four three.
He cut off my finger. Is there an antiseptic?
I'm so honored to meet such a wonderful man like you.
Mr. Einstein, may I ask you a question about the exchange rate? I don't understand how you can accuse Japan of unfair trade practices in such an absolute way.
When can we hit a golf ball?
We will come and pick you up in front of the hotel.
Can I get a ninety-five-cent stamp?
Let me take your temperature. Do you have an appetite?
Yes, one moment, please. There's an empty seat in the back, so you can move over there.
How do I get to this address?
Can you get me a room?
I'll be here at quarter to eight.
I will take a seat in the main hall.
I want something a little cheaper.
It's a little tight.
They're saying it's about to ice over.
Thank you, thank you. Have a nice stay.
Sushi is a small oval-shaped rice ball topped with slices of raw fish or shellfish.
I'm afraid I won't be able to get approved for this credit card.
I want perfume.
Can I have a schedule?
I'm having a party. I hope you'll come.
Are you going to school here?
Do you want a place for smokers or non-smokers?
Can you tell me how much?
No, I'm just looking.
How much did it cost?
Is the Hilton Hotel far away?
I want to call our counselor. Can you show me how to make a call?
Please check my car.
I will do it. Thank you for your help.
Twenty dollars in quarters, please.
Do you know any restaurants that are open late at night?
I'm pretty sure I put it in my portfolio.
Raise your hands.
Is there a restaurant you can recommend nearby?
Which do you prefer, dark or light?
I'm sorry. I don't understand the meaning of this traffic light.
Are you open 24 hours?
I'm not sure which buses go to Wall Street.
Does this bus stop near Green Park?
Can you tell me where the plane is flying right now?
Can you find me a size that fits?
Uh, thank you. I'll have another bottle, please.
Can you recommend any travel agencies?
Three barrel-aged beers, please.
Do you have a fever?
What kind of suitcase?
I need a bucket.
The total fare is ninety-five thousand nine hundred and thirty yen.
Disembarkation and boarding ticket please.
Home medical visits to the room are expensive. Please use the hotel screening room.
Go ahead on this road and turn right at the intersection. The hotel is located there.
Where's a nice place for a day trip?
I want a roast beef sandwich.
I'm not the one in charge of the gloves, please take care of him.
I want a red Kelly bag in the same style.
Excuse me. How do I get to Union Church?
Please ask her to call me when she comes in.
About a ten-minute walk.
Will you still work the schedule?
When do we get to Chester?
What time does the bank open?
I feel sick.
I'm sorry, but that doesn't sound right.
My car ran out of gas.
Hi, this is room one twenty-three. I'd like a blanket, please.
Please reserve a table for four at seven o'clock. My name is Sakata.
I'll get confused. Would you mind drawing me a map?
I don't think they have any more, but I got it from Third Street.
Outside .
Please recommend a store.
Daylight saving time will begin tomorrow in the United States, if I remember correctly.
Can you keep my bags here until 4:00?
Did you tell me about a place where I can eat cheaply?
Take me to the hospital.
I missed a stop.
Eleven forty minutes past eleven.
Do I have to come to the hospital every day?
I want mineral water.
My stomach hurts.
The air conditioner doesn't seem to be working.
How much is the postage to send this letter to Japan?
I want a bottle of Spanish sherry.
Where is dinner served?
Are you saying the Statue of Liberty is worth going to see?
Tokyo zero three three two four six zero five seven nine.
May I order a glass of wine?
It was great .
I couldn't understand it. He said too much.
Put them in the refrigerator as soon as possible.
Where is the nearest clothing store?
What paperwork is needed to file a lawsuit?
I suggest coming in May or October as they are the best seasons of the year.
This department store has the best selection in town. I'm sure you can find the rug you're looking for.
I love it as I've been wanting to visit for a long time.
I want a seat next to the aisle and close to the emergency exit.
I'm drenched in sweat.
Yeah, what do you want to change?
Uh-huh. May I see your student I.D.?
The third and fifth of May happen to be national holidays. So we decided to make it a three-day holiday by adding May 4th.
Do you need someone to pick you up from the airport?
Our food hasn't come yet.
Can you recommend a concert?
Boarding will begin at 4:30, so please be there before then.
It costs eighty-five cents. Don't forget to get a transfer ticket when you board, so you don't have to pay again when you change buses.
Call to Japan and the account on the other end please.
from thirty thousand yen.
Where can I buy a phone card?
Something is wrong with the shot counter.
Both airports will certainly serve as new windows to enhance communication between people in other countries.
What time does the store open?
Take the E Line to Fourth Street and then change to the F Line.
Many kids go to middle school so they can get into better high schools and universities.
They're camera supplies. They're very fragile.
Can I replay it in a different city?
I plan to stay for twelve days.
I'm going to New York on business.
The price for the first three minutes is ten cents.
Please make the top a little longer.
Where's the coin-operated laundromat?
You need to see a specialist.
A few more minutes please.
What's on at the opera tonight?
Track number fourteen.
I take this medication every six hours.
Can you mail this to me?
The seabed is covered with coral.
I want to make a call at the expense of the other party.
Oh, you do? Surely you have a large assortment.
How much do you charge per yard?
Of course you can. Please open it.
Turn around.
Are we all going in at the same time?
Walk down this street, turn left at the second corner and you will find it.
Can you keep my room key?
You can catch ANA flight number fifty-nine, which will depart Tokyo at 9:55pm and arrive in Sapporo at 11:25pm.
Our oyster dish is fairly light.
One fifty, five twenty, and ten ten, please.
Turn left at the second corner. It's on your right.
I can't find it anywhere.
Two second class tickets to Rome.
Do you have any open seats for London?
Can I pay now?
Can you show me a list of car types and prices?
When does boarding begin?
Please show me where I am on this map.
I want to go scuba diving with breathing apparatus.
Some for a middle-aged woman.
Do you have a blue one?
This is King Street.
Go to the third intersection.
I want a copy of the theft report.
The bathtub stopper is not working.
Is there a good harem clothing store?
It's just around the corner down the street.
You have to get me a seat on this flight.
That bag looks like my suitcase, but it's not.
Where can I transfer my money?
It's a discount ticket center. You can buy tickets for half price.
Can you give me a signal light when you're in it?
Uh, that's a bit far, sir. A taxi would cost too much. But you can go anywhere if you learn to use the subway.
Are these cigarettes mild?
All right. Just like this one.
When does the semester start?
The next high-speed train will come in an hour.
I'll send you a picture.
Is there a grace period after the checkout time?
Can you unwrap these into one-dollar bills?
No. I'll call him again.
I would like to make the sleeves of this sports jacket long.
There's coffee on the counter there, so you'll have to help yourself.
I would like to trim my hair.
This road takes you to the lake.
These two tables show the changes in our market share.
I missed my stop. How long did it take me to get to the next station?
When can I get it?
I'll take an X-ray.
It's best to get a doctor's appointment.
I have a reservation for two nights. The name is Risa Kobayashi.
I have a reservation. This is the confirmation number.
Would you please join us in this photo?
Where is the shower?
I'm going to the gym. Can I use the equipment freely?
I put it here like this about thirty minutes ago.
Can I eat all this fruit?
Which is cheaper : This one or that one?
Can I move to a window seat?
I would like a car with an automatic transmission.
Please, thirty-five millimeter color film.
When do you open?
Turn left at the intersection, T.
I would like a private guide for the whole day.
My gums are bleeding.
I have insurance.
No, not too much. Just a couple of bags.
Please, I would like a small bottle of moonshine.
This honor is more than he deserves.
Why don't we meet here again tomorrow?
What's locally produced?
Here's your bill. It's two hundred and eighty-four dollars.
Would you like to take a look at another style of sweater?
If you don't deal with this area, would you suggest a store that specializes in it?
Is there a hotel nearby?
Do you know of any Spanish restaurants near here?
How often should I take it?
Thank you for waiting. This is Ohno speaking.
Your birthday is coming up.
How much of a discount will you give me?
I find going to museums very relaxing.
Trains were halted due to the strike.
Can I get some juice?
Uh, okay. One moment. I'll send someone to the room upstairs.
Can you fix that?
Do you have a single room for tonight?
Are there any ski slopes for beginners?
Two, six, nine, one, zero, five, one. The area code is zero, three.
I see you have a beautiful living room.
Sorry, we don't accept this. We take a visa.
I recommend .
Am I allowed to take them out of the country?
I need more time to pack my bags.
I asked Anne to sing a song.
I would like to reserve a table at 6 p.m. on Thursday, August 7th.
What's today's program?
Hey, are we gonna hit bottom?
Sherry, please.
The street was crowded with cars.
Can you recommend a nice Chinese restaurant nearby?
How much does it cost to go to the airport?
I want to leave. Room two, sixty-three.
I booked a room with a bath through the tourist office in Tokyo.
How much money was he taking?
What do you think of that?
Can I get a laxative?
Can you show me the way to the metro station?
It's the second building to the left of this white building.
This statement is very understated.
I want to stay another day.
Where's the lost and found?
Allow me .
We booked a seat for October 25th at 11am.
No. A little further ahead. There, yes.
Is this a horror movie?
I came to meet my friend.
I'd like a radio.
Where's the beauty center?
International call handler, please.
Excuse me. I'm leaving.
All tickets are sold out.
Is there a Japanese bank nearby?
What's the bar number?
Did you prescribe me some sleeping pills?
Is there anything made of cotton?
I'd like a seat in the lounge, please.
Yes, this does not include meals.
Where can I get a refund for this ticket?
Can you pay for the fifty percent cost overrun?
Why is this happening?
I would like to enlarge this image to the largest size.
Please, press zero and then dial the number you want.
Are there any special rules?
Uh, okay. What kind of room do you want?
There is a malfunction in the air conditioner.
Yes, absolutely.
I would like a pair of leather shoes.
Do you think we could put it on the shelf there?
Can we get a Japanese-speaking guide?
Please I would like two round-trip tickets to Chicago, on the forum bus.
Where is there a famous disco?
Can you adjust the length?
Hey, you. What are you doing in my car?
I want to take a break.
I'll take that, please.
I have to change my contact lenses. This is the prescription.
Yes, I think I'll start with the chowder with fish.
Did you tell me before we got to this station?
Wow. I did it during all the check-in procedures.
My car broke down. Please come pick it up.
I have a reservation for two weeks.
Excuse me. My watch doesn't work very well. But I'm pretty sure it's after two, anyway.
Could you save that wine for tomorrow night?
I want my hair on the back of my head to be a little longer.
I'd like to have some change too.
Does this street lead to Central Park?
I can't urinate and I have pain in my lower abdomen.
Do you have any allergies?
The number of women in leadership positions is increasing.
Do you have an access card?
What do you serve with meat?
Let me look .
Let me measure this, please.
Let's go watch a tennis match.
What types do you have?
Please, bring me a pillow.
I agree. It's one of my favorite places.
What kind of model do you have in mind?
Why can't we stay at the hotel we booked?
The number is wrong.
The ribs are a standout dish.
It's Thursday.
What's the most popular musical right now?
Should I have him call you when he arrives?
My name is Michiko Tanaka, and the flight number to Tokyo is five, zero, one.
Please send this letter by special delivery service.
Your product development system is very environmentally friendly.
All that fatty food is still in my stomach.
Please, can you draw me a simple map from here?
Where to meet?
Please, organize the room.
Do you have templates to use for faxing?
I can't sleep from the pain.
I'd like to wear my hair the way it was before.
How long does it take to get to the station?
I haven't used your laundry service.
I want some contraception.
I would like to reaffirm my July 31st flight from London to Tokyo. The last name is Tanaka.
This price is too high for me.
Give me fifty, please.
Of course. Can I get your name and phone number?
I was in a motorcycle accident.
Sorry I have to cancel our appointment.
I would like to rent a furnished apartment for a month.
You have to quarantine plants and animals if you have any.
Sit up straight.
I would like to change fifty thousand Japanese yen into dollars.
Can I get it sooner? Because I need it as soon as possible.
He was born in the year one thousand nine hundred and sixty.
I need at least half an hour to prepare my bags.
These sodas are free.
I'm sorry, but I don't know. I'm a tourist, too.
I want to talk to you more.
I would like a mixture of pork.
What size are you?
Can I measure that?
As you can see, we are experiencing the direct impact of a recession.
Can you please find me a seat on a flight tomorrow?
Absolutely. Would you like five ten-dollar bills?
I'm staying at the ABC Hotel. Please call me there.
He surprised me by appearing from a side street and I didn't have time to avoid him.
I'm taking my son to the zoo.
We arrive in Los Angeles after driving approximately five hundred and fifty kilometers south from San Francisco.
It was very nice to meet you.
Baked potato noodles, please. Then put the butter on the side.
How much does a teacher cost?
Are you done?
Where can I check-in for Japan Airlines?
When does the opera start?
This is our new model. We call it the computer of dreams.
What are the contents?
I want to try a special dish from this fishing port.
Can you bring a motorized seat?
You can pay two hundred dollars in Japanese yen.
Please give me a thirty-five millimeter film, thirty-six images, an Aza film with American Society standards one hundred images, another thirty-five millimeter film, twenty images, and an Aza film four hundred images.
The accident confused the traffic.
What price are you considering?
Can they send this package to Japan by sea mail.
Are there any places in the area that come highly recommended?
Uh, okay. Turn right at the next corner. It's right in front of you.
I would like to book a hotel room in the city.
for five days.
The red sweater I bought last week doesn't fit me. Can you replace it with another color?
Where's the nearest restroom around here?
Where is my seat?
All right. Three movies for nine dollars and seventy-seven cents.
What's wrong with me?
Sorry, you are not allowed.
Yes, sir. Here you go.
Save this place for me, will you?
Please give me some change.
Are there any ancient ruins?
Uh, okay. I'll make sure your bags are here.
If you just say the word "water," don't they bring you a soda?
This is our signature dish, Dover's grilled sole.
I don't want to vomit, but I have no appetite.
Where?
Where is the nearest post office?
I lost my room key. Did someone bring it back here?
Is there a Japanese-speaking guide?
To Miami, please.
It's hard to get a visa.
Work was good today, wasn't it?
Can you draw me a map?
I'd like the nearest table, please.
Where's the box office?
Do you have anything smaller?
Uh, okay. What kind of fruit do you want? We have oranges, strawberries and grapes.
I'll have some decaf coffee.
Can I take a bag this size on an airplane?
I would like a permanent wave in my hair.
I can't reach that number.
We will stay .
I'm really depressed, but I don't like arguing with people.
Where can I find a limousine to the Summit Hotel.
No, you didn't. Now we're in the center of a tropical cyclone. Heavy rain and high winds will soon begin.
How can I watch TV programs?
May fifteen and sixteen?
I had a credit card with two hundred dollars in cash in my wallet.
I was robbed.
I would like to buy a new eyeglass case.
Uh, okay. Should I concentrate it?
Do you know a good hotel?
He's a professor at UA.
Please, I need a porter.
How long will it stay open today?
Can you confirm my flight reservation for October 12th?
It suits me.
Here's five dollars for you.
Baseball is a very popular game.
I want to buy some fruit. What's right now?
Do they serve good wine in the restaurant?
We will share.
Do you have a larger size?
Where is the bus stop for Greyhound buses?
Excuse me. Is there a store around here?
Yes . I have to say this. The Japanese value their experience and wisdom, especially in the areas of business and people management.
The restaurant is there.
The number was wrong.
We have some very good lobsters today.
We don't have the same model right now. I'll check our stock. Please wait a minute.
Can I take a picture of this building?
Replace this banknote with coins.
Scotch whiskey and water, please.
That sounds great. What's the price?
Does anyone here speak English?
My name is Miyuki Kato and I've been friends with Mari since she was studying in Japan. Is Mari here?
How many miles from here?
Excuse me, how do I get to the station?
Where and about when will you come back again?
It is broken.
I'm in good shape, thank you.
I am a member of the tourist community.
The number is zero, three, three, three, three, five, one, one, six, nine, one.
Take this prescription to the pharmacy. You can get the medicine there.
Can you show me this ring?
The waist size is too big. Do you have a smaller size?
Can you please shorten the sleeves of this shirt?
Is there a problem?
Please bring me two bottles of whiskey and a bottle of brandy.
I am allergic to pollen.
Is this transistor radio a gift?
After a week, I'm going back to Japan.
You have to dial nine and one first, then the area code and then dial the number.
You asked for it.
Tea with milk .
Just a haircut, please.
Do you sell duty-free goods on airplanes?
Why is this happening?
May I ask your name?
Is there a discount store nearby?
I have a stomach ache.
But why?
Yes, you can stop at any station between here and Chicago.
Is that a direct train to Chicago?
I thought we were going to the beach for the afternoon.
Where is the nearest post office?
Excuse me. Are you Mr. Smith, I believe?
Where can I buy some souvenirs?
This is a camera .
I don't think I will have time to visit the zoo on this trip. Thank you for your suggestion anyway.
I lost my contact lenses near here. Did you look for them with me?
I'll be traveling all over America and staying in various hotels, motels, bars and private homes, if I'm lucky.
I need a new light bulb.
We can get the changes tomorrow by 3:00 p.m. Is that good?
Is there a subway nearby?
It's too expensive. I can't afford it.
Where is the business district in this city?
I think you miscalculated.
Can you change my table?
Can I get the phone number of ABC and the company in Chicago, please?
I've booked you on Flight Two, Zero, Seven, which leaves tomorrow at 7:50 p.m. for New York.
Where is the cathedral?
You lost your room key?
Twenty notes, one ten note, and the rest are dollar bills.
I think this receipt is wrong. Have you checked it, please?
I have seven hundred dollars in traveler's checks and three hundred dollars in cash.
It's a dried seaweed we call yakinori.
How do you like to eat your eggs?
About a fifteen-minute walk. You can get there by metro as well, it's faster.
Regular size please.
I don't have enough money today.
The number of elderly people is steadily increasing.
Right next to this building.
I want to reconfirm my return flight to Tokyo next Wednesday.
Is there a tennis court nearby?
You'll have to wait. Do you want to wait?
Do you have a ride every day?
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
Some candy or gum, please.
Do we have time to go to the restroom before takeoff?
Does it come with a key?
I need a Dramamine-grade anti-nausea compound.
Yes. I tried it. And I like it very much.
I like it a lot, but I don't like the design.
I'm grateful to have a friend like you.
No, I think they forgot to get one for us.
Please sit down. What's the problem?
I'm not sure, but I'll let her know you called.
Can you get me a blanket?
Do you sell heavy socks?
When does the last bus leave?
Uh, okay. I want this, gin and tonic.
Is there a TV?
Uh, okay. It's confirmed. Can we take your phone number in case we need to contact you?
What's going on with the bags you brought in?
Oh, she's not serious about doing something like that.
I need someone to help me.
I'm going to Chicago too.
Do you have five-cent menus at this casino?
What will you eat?
What's so special about you guys?
When do we land in New York?
No, nothing.
What is the painter's name?
What do you want to eat for breakfast?
I want a long coat.
You don't have to go there. I think it's possible to catch one here.
To the Boston Hotel, please.
Should I make him call you back when he gets back?
Clean this up, please.
Twelve o'clock in the afternoon.
Did you give me the date and flight numbers?
Will there be food?
Where is the hotel restroom?
Just a little bit.
Did you check it quickly?
Do you have a different model of this?
This is my neighbor.
Delicious. Take a bite .
Did we stop at a coffee shop?
One hundred yen to the dollar.
Standing hurts me .
Yeah, we can have it finished by tomorrow night.
I have hay fever.
I would like to take this.
Sure, go ahead.
Are there any places where I can watch a hula show while drinking?
Walk down this street to the second intersection.
My name is Taro Takai.
I want to play a little bit longer.
Do you have stamps?
Where's the food cart?
We will arrive thirty minutes after the scheduled time.
This is room number three, fifty-seven. And I want more hair conditioner.
I love the champagne greeting service after takeoff. Let me drink to your health.
Where is the exhibition?
Forty dollars per day, plus eight cents per mile.
Another place that could catch your attention is the world-famous Bronx Zoo.
Will the wind get stronger in the afternoon?
I bet five dollars.
Ten thirty-two-cent stamps, please. Do you have any nice stamps?
Evening, please.
Do you have this model in brown color?
I'm here to take a language course.
Give me two tickets to the gallery for this Thursday.
Please write me a letter.
What time does the bus leave for Pimlico?
Can I use this coupon code for airplanes?
I would like to shave.
I sprained my ankle. And I'm in a lot of pain.
Is this someone else's order.
I want a nail clipper that is thin on my nails.
Do you have a table for three?
Did you tell me how to get to the museum?
I want to buy fish bait.
I'm very sorry, but I would like to postpone the appointment.
Let me check and see if there are any openings.
Did you recommend a short trip for me?
Where's the front desk?
You're right.
Your train will leave from platform eight.
Telephone operator . I'd like to make a long-distance call to the Sheraton Hotel.
I will arrive at the hotel around 10:30 pm.
Please, contact the Japanese Embassy.
The kimono is the traditional costume of Japan.
Yes, but I did my first tour a couple of months ago. I'm still a beginner.
The seat behind my chair doesn't move.
It would help me a lot. By the way, I wonder if I can stay in the same room.
The air conditioner doesn't work. My room is too cold.
I'm looking for a bag with a movable strap.
I would like to stay under one hundred and eighty dollars.
Can I get a ticket for a soccer game in the Premier League?
Can I get a coleslaw instead of this salad combo?
Please make sure you come and see me at seven o'clock tomorrow morning.
He stole my passport.
Are you keen on Italian food?
I'd like a slice of pizza with sausage, please.
I want a kebab.
Do you have any orange juice?
I would like thirty-six thirty-five millimeter negative film, please.
Uh, please. Show me the bags, please.
How far is the nearest gas station?
When's the next train to Boston?
Please, send this letter by airmail.
I want to confirm the flight reservation.
I feel spinning .
What is the rate per tent?
I have an appointment with Mr. Wilson at three o'clock sharp.
Can these lenses be replaced with stronger lenses?
Let me say what I want.
How much is this?
Can I leave a message for him?
Is the Hard Rock Cafe far from here?
Hey. Take an idea.
Uh, okay. Now, can we get tickets to Phantom of the Opera for the Saturday matinee?
Can you make me a pina colada?
I'm in a hurry. I need to call a taxi now.
It's cold this morning, isn't it?
I booked through GTB in Japan a couple of weeks ago.
We stop at the Beverly Hotel. You can check in there. It's a few minutes' walk to the summit.
Can you keep these bags until 4:00 p.m.?
Can I use the projector in this room?
Ari. Please take your time.
Are there any 18-hole golf courses?
I can't understand anything the people around me are saying.
The cafe is on the ground floor.
Good evening. I have a reservation. My name is Yamada.
The most important thing for you is to have a good break.
I'll ask you after I take a look around.
Do you have some cigarettes?
Can I order on the account?
Now, you promised you'd only buy one pair, okay?
Is there a pharmacy nearby?
Yes, a six-day reservation please, starting July 23rd.
Can I get some vitamins?
Can you pick me up at seven o'clock?
He leaves every ten minutes.
Let's get one ten, one five and the rest small change.
My laundry hasn't come in yet.
Can you show me other things with different designs.
Yes, there is one on the other side of the building.
Where do I go down?
Can you tell me how to use the currency phone?
Do I have to pay in advance?
Is there a toy store nearby?
What kind of juice do you like?
I like a little bit of foot cream.
It's a direct communication from one mind to another. This means that a person reads what is in another person's mind without the use of words.
Can I cash a personal check?
I'd like orange juice, cereal with milk and a pancake with honey.
This is printed material. There is nothing expensive.
Can I try?
I'm going back by road.
What material is this tie pin made of?
What is the cost of a first class ticket?
Are you going home for the holidays?
Do you have a bigger bag?
Where can I go to see a really great view?
I will send you a copy. Please write your address here.
Where are the relics?
This was already broken when I opened the package.
Well, Mr. Azura, your flight is now confirmed.
Please give me a ticket.
August 29th.
Where's the ski lift?
I have diarrhea. Did you prescribe me something for it?
It's ten minutes to ten o'clock.
You should not enter this park at night.
I would like to send this to Japan by airmail.
Thanksgiving and Labor Day is a day of thanks to all those who support the community with their work.
This room is very small.
Can I have some more tea, please?
I want to do my laundry later today.
It's not necessary when you don't exceed the tax-free threshold, but it is recommended that you file a report for easy customs clearance.
Is there a bank around here?
Could you please clear the counter?
Please iron this.
Of course. Hold on the line with me, please. Your party's starting. Please come in.
Do you mind if I touch that?
When does the ride start?
Is this model right for me?
Tell me about your schedule for this week?
There is no school supply office here.
What do you mean by that?
You are wrong .
Of course. Go ahead.
Could you hold my bags until four o'clock, please?
I don't have the money to buy a new one.
What time is the first train?
Can we get a table outside?
Apparently you were drunk last night.
Yes, sir. How many people in your party, and what time do you prefer?
I think I'll get two less expensive ones.
Yes. I canceled your old card.
Thank you so much for the meal.
Where is the bus stop?
A knife, please.
These are all in print.
Please write the room number on the back.
Stand up, thief.
We use chopsticks when we eat.
Where is the airport bus?
One hundred dollars per night, plus the cost of service and taxes.
Delta Flight 28 to New Orleans will be delayed about an hour.
When I return back to Japan, I will write a letter. If you have time, please send me a letter.
I forgot my airline ticket at the hotel.
How fast are we flying now?
The lights in my room don't work.
Thank you very much. Let's go. Let's go.
In the pharmacy .
Single room with no shower please.
Where is the best ski terrain for beginners?
I'd like a back seat.
Is this train going to Melbourne?
Thank you again for reminding me. Do many people tend to forget to sign their names?
How big is this tower?
Vincent, did you lock yourself in? I'm Marnie.
I'm still wearing makeup, so will you wash my face well?
Take three tablets at once.
What is your commission rate?
Can I drop the car off at another branch?
He's unconscious.
Hotel Tokyo. Can I help?
I'm here to visit my friend.
Is there a TV set?
This is a salad and mashed potatoes.
Uh, okay. We don't have time. Can we continue this discussion on Thursday at one o'clock?
Did you tell me the fastest way to send this?
Can I take my turn practicing the game?
Blue bag . There's my name and address on the bottom. Did you help me find it?
I want to leave at eight o'clock. Did you tell me how much I owe?
I want to reserve two seats on flight eight seventy-seven.
Please, a bottle of shampoo for oily hair.
for about two weeks.
Yes, I take medication for high blood pressure.
I'd like some pajamas.
Where are the coin-operated safes?
Can I get you some candy?
There are many reasons why I don't want to do this.
Is this the right way to the station?
Let's see what the cost will be.
I suggest you try the Green Pub.
I have nine hundred dollars.
We don't have a reservation for you.
Where did my name go?
I'll be back .
Please fix this while I'm out tomorrow.
Is that a word?
Can we get an ashtray?
Uh, okay. I'll call you when they're ready.
We have other colors.
Here are a few seats left in the official ring.
We hate to rush, but we have to leave.
Where and when to start?
How can I get the payout?
Oh . I understand. These are the channels of the hotel's cable system.
Please stop making fun of Japanese people.
When can you reissue?
What about lunch?
I would like to make a reservation please.
I'm trying to find wrapping paper.
Will it be tax-free if I send it to Japan from this store?
Sorry, but I want to discuss some things with my manager before I sign.
I'd like a tape recorder and a radio, please.
I need five sets of irons.
This is my favorite food, you know.
Thank you, sir. May I have your driver's license?
You are right.
The limousine will stop at the north gate first.
Insurance, please.
Where is the Mont Museum?
Does this train not stop?
All right. It's twenty, forty, sixty, eighty, eighty, ninety, ninety-five, six, seven, eight, nine, one hundred.
You have to go to the tourist information desk first.
This is touching.
Did you get me to the city?
How long will the hotel's restaurant be available for my use?
How can I recognize your bags?
Is that a direct train?
Yes, I like it very much. Uh, thank you.
Where can I develop this movie?
Uh, listen, do you, do you know where Riverside Drive is?
Is this the line for the 9 o'clock show?
Do you have any treatment for diarrhea?
Well, it's rather late. I think I should leave now. Thank you very much for a wonderful evening.
We work from 8:30 to 11:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.
Our company is the fifth largest in the world in terms of number of employees.
It's down there on the left.
Can I take some medicine for my stomach pain?
Are you keeping my coat?
Sorry, they've all been rented out. Do you want to get additional coverage?
Can you lend me your beach towel?
No, we also accept orders that you want.
It's convenient to specify the date, but it's not necessary to specify the days of the week.
I'd like an orange juice, please.
Please recommend me a good restaurant.
What makes this city stand out?
I would like to eat grilled chicken.
I have no appetite.
Don't meddle in what you don't know.
Can we walk around the Duty Free shops at the airport?
Sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
for five days. I'll bring it back on Friday.
It's not too far. We can get there around ten o'clock in the morning.
No thanks. It's too small. Do you have another?
More receipts, please.
Can you sell those separately?
I'd like a bottle of beer, please.
How much did you pay for a private seat?
It's my fault. Not your fault.
Just leave me alone.
Is there another group?
This seat is occupied.
Do I have to reconfirm my reservation?
Let me see your ticket. You have to take the next flight at one o'clock.
Does anyone speak English?
You have to book in advance.
I'd like to take something out of my bag.
Yes, we have a reservation in your name. Can you please fill out and sign this form?
I can't find the tour guide who is supposed to come to us at 10:30 in the morning.
We'll keep this as a surprise.
To Japan, please.
Excuse me, when does this movie end?
I crashed my car into a pothole.
Can you give me some medicine?
This, please.
Can you show me the second ring from the left?
Yes, this way, please.
I have a bit of fatigue due to the time difference.
Why didn't you show up last night?
I like the deck.
I would like to order room service, please.
Which trains go to Wall Street?
What is the gate number for Japan Airlines flights to Tokyo?
Show me the black bag, third to the left on the top shelf.
You might get shot in the city if you suddenly put your hand in the pocket on your chest.
Do you have any hard liquor?
We have seats available on flight number eight-five on Monday, the 26th.
I would like to apply for my passport again.
Very well. It can be done.
Why does it cost so much?
Seventy dollars.
Hello. Is this Mrs. Uno?
Can I drink water from the tap?
I have a stomach ache.
You stole my jewelry. I need to file a report.
It's straight ahead, then turn to the right.
How can I adjust the power level of this machine?
Can you get me a reservation for a tour?
Do I have to disclose the contents and value?
Hey, babe, are you alone? Going out for a movie or something?
There's nothing I like. I'm sorry. I don't support anything.
When do we get to Des Moines?
Two cheeseburgers and one small order of French fries, please.
Four, five, six, seven, eight, nine zero, please.
on September 23rd.
I have scheduled a meeting with the president for 10:00 p.m.
Is this water faucet safe to drink?
I'd like a slice of pork chop.
Well, I think I'll get something different.
Take me to the theater, please.
When is the break?
Excuse me. Can I ask you a question?
Just a moment, please. I'll put you through to Mr. Jones.
Could you check these two bags for me, please?
This hat doesn't fit me.
There's no plug in the bathtub drain, either.
Hello . This is United Airlines.
When is it time to check out of the hotel?
Do you want me to pay now or later?
Can I only eat the main course of the meal?
Want to have a drink while watching?
Do you have any other tours?
I'd like to take a bus to the station. May I have some change, please?
Do you have any identification with your photo?
Do you think there is any hope for this relationship?
Well, first I have to go to the information center and find a hotel.
I think you misunderstood what I was trying to explain.
Who is this lady?
Where did Mr. Jones learn Japanese?
Can you look it up for me?
Can you keep my luggage while I'm on tour?
Which gate should I go to?
How many cameras do you have?
I have a small one of the same design.
Can I find a piece of paper or something?
What's causing this traffic jam?
Please change the wipers.
Can you tell me again what the ad includes, please?
Do you have a menu in English?
Are there any New York Yankees games this week?
I get airsick, but I feel like I'm getting better.
Seventy-two Street and Park Avenue.
Is that a British cigar?
Can you organize these pants?
You have to take bus number seven.
No one was seriously injured.
I would like an elastic bandage.
I think the taxi number was one, two, three, four, five.
We'll get that.
Friday night, nine o'clock.
I'll send a maid right away.
But the cost increases, doesn't it?
As a matter of fact, my great-grandfather came from Sicily at the turn of the century.
Is there an error on this bill?
Is this the gateway to Las Vegas?
Good to see you. How are you?
This outfit fits me like a glove.
I'll have some fruit juice.
What are the qualifications required for this job?
Can you adjust it now?
I would like to make an international phone call to Japan.
Is it possible to make a reservation for the golf course?
I would like to learn how to water ski.
Do you have a bus from the airport?
Can you exchange this for one in a larger size?
This is my wallet.
I'd like a haircut, just, please.
Excuse me. Where's the pharmacy around here?
I would like to order a quick meal.
Another spoon, please.
When do we get to the last stop?
Uh, no. Just a block down the road.
My son is in graduate school at Harvard.
Where's the locker room?
I'd like to get a wake-up call, please.
What do you have planned for tonight?
Hard-boiled, please.
I have rheumatism.
Where can I make an international money transfer?
It's a little salty, but I like it. Did you bring it all the way from Japan?
I got a prick from the thorns covering the sea urchin's back.
It's a red colored bag with a metal buttonhole.
I would like to send this package.
You're welcome. It's beautiful.
What happened? I can't see.
Push it, please, if at all possible.
May I add it to your bill?
Please fill out this certificate and prescription.
Yes, I want to make an international call to Japan. On the recipient's account. The number in Tokyo is three, four, seven, six, two, nine, three, six.
What is the cost of the car?
I got stung by a bee. It looks really bad.
How much does this keychain cost?
Can I have one?
Did you hear what he said?
Dry, please.
Please call this person.
Please exchange this ten-dollar bill into five one-dollar bills and one five-dollar bill.
Is it possible to pay a ten-dollar deposit?
No, it doesn't. But it does have a shower.
I need you to take an X-ray.
Is it okay to walk past the reception tables?
This is for my personal use.
Adjacent rooms, please.
Would you share the costs of promotion in the first year as all our sponsors do?
Where's the library storage?
Uh-huh. Wake me up in three hours, please.
I have a high fever and feel like I'm dizzy.
Will you transfer it to my room account, please?
Is there a stable nearby?
Thank you very much. How do I get to the hotel?
I locked the door while I was out. What do you suggest I do?
You're so cute.
I'd like to order, please.
Should I answer yes or no?
Does that mean I don't have to tip?
So, Mr. Nita, that's all we have to show you here at our factory.
I suffered from TP in my early twenties.
Can I use the heater and hot water throughout the day?
Two spoons, please.
I would like to make a reservation.
I'm sorry, but we only have seats next to the aisle on the left side in the front.
Not me either. I've been very busy.
I didn't make an international call on Friday.
Where is the pharmacy?
Where is the bus stop?
What's your phone number?
Of course. The locker room is on the right there.
I'm betting five dollars.
Please tell me your address.
Where is the monastery?
I have a chronic symptom.
I want a device for the players.
Can I get a hot water bottle?
Can you give me an eye exam and fit me with glasses?
We can have it ready for you in a couple of days.
Can I get a ticket for a seat in the first round?
Uh, thank you. Well, let me see. Actually, it's not the one I want.
I'd like two black and white movie reels, please.
Unfortunately, I haven't gotten the rest yet.
Give me the, uh, uh, main course of the day.
Your father was a wonderful person, and he will be missed.
Well, there's nothing interesting tonight.
I don't want to check this luggage.
It's not exactly what I want.
How much extra time does it take to get to Chicago?
What's the next stop?
I'd like an iced coffee, please.
It's not valuable, but it's important to me.
Full meal, please.
What's your bus stop on Hope Street?
Well, we have jazz by Yves St. Laurent.
The car makes a strange noise.
Give me a whistle .
When does the post office close?
I had already paid a fifty-dollar deposit when I checked into the hotel.
Please call to wake me up tomorrow at six o'clock in the morning.
Have you taken medication for stomach upsets?
Do I need to wear a coat and tie?
I'm passionate about touring Manhattan.
Can I transfer money to my savings account?
I would like to have a seat in a non-smoking area, please.
No, you can get them at the drugstore.
Have you seen Titanic? Did you like it?
I would like to have a decorative pin.
One-way ticket to Los Angeles. Will the seat you booked be in a non-smoking or non-smoking area?
This play is also popular in Japan.
Please bill tonight.
I forgot to take my handbag.
Good evening, Mr. Hosokawa. Welcome to the party. Would you like a drink?
It's not for sale so don't worry about it.
What are the popular places around this area?
It's very small.
Are you Mr. Ebert, is he?
The name is Tanaka, two people, eight o'clock.
Let me see another color.
Where do I go to get it?
I'd like to acidify this movie, please.
I would like a roast beef and some coffee.
Is there a copy of this magazine left?
Where is the biggest store in this city?
I would like to reconfirm the flight booking.
How can I make an international phone call?
Please bring me Tylenol.
It hurts sometimes.
Let's hurry up and shop.
Can you show me to my seat, please?
The machine doesn't seem to be working.
Japan is a country that stretches longitudinally from north to south.
How can you make these shirts in a fraction of the time?
I will pay the difference, so please recalculate.
Let's watch some TV.
My watch. It was a modern Swiss-made digital watch.
Indeed, I bought it the next day after having a sudden urge from a store near my house.
I have two hundred dollars in cash and two thousand dollars in traveler's checks.
I have an upset stomach.
Although I love tempura, I don't eat a lot of sushi. Most people aren't used to eating raw fish.
This is my friend Koji.
I passed this test with flying colors.
I want you to take me to some interesting places. I'm a tourist, you know.
The capital is Tokyo.
When do I pay, now or when I check out of the hotel?
Can I go sightseeing while the ship is docked in the harbor?
That's good. This is when the changing of the guard begins. You can watch or listen to the group of guards playing in the front yard.
I would like to play some games.
Did we call this seat number?
Where is the monastery?
I would like to replace this.
It was nice to meet you.
Do you have this in a different color?
Fill out this form.
Beef or chicken?
Please come to me at seven o'clock tomorrow morning to pick up my bags.
How many yen do I need to buy ninety-nine dollars?
It's best to adjust the rearview mirror.
You will wait about ten minutes or so.
Can I take your dishes?
I have a metal pin.
How long will we have to wait?
It's Yoshi .
It's on Japan Airlines flight number seven two one to Narita.
Are you sure? It's good.
Which books do you recommend?
I'd be happy to. When would you like that?
It's a blue bag.
Do you have a bus transportation service to the airport?
Where should I clean my camera?
One can of Miller.
Where can I get some stamps?
I would love to have a brow pencil.
There's something wrong with the movie. Can you check it out?
I searched all over the room to find the missing passport.
We have many species out there.
Please look up the address of the Japanese Embassy.
I have to get some tickets.
Is there an express train?
I'm not sure if this pouch fits well in the midsection.
It's contagious.
Can you do your best to arrive on time?
Can you take a picture of me?
What's that like?
I would like to go to the sauna.
Seafood .
I think I left my camera and left when I was having dinner here last night.
We have a tennis court, a swimming pool and a weight room.
Gather them at the gate.
Is this the correct train to Boston?
Where do I get off to go to the beach?
Don't skip the line, please.
Women's only, please. How much for half a day?
So we have a good one for you. It's a full day off tour.
Oh, no. That won't be necessary. I can take care of him. I've already done more than enough.
This is the Ministry of Foreign Trade, isn't it? I'm Taro Tanaka from Japan. I have an appointment to see Mr. Coleman at two o'clock.
Is this the correct platform for the train to Minneapolis?
Can you fill out this prescription for me?
That's it. And you?
I think I'll take this one.
I'm just working hard and trying to get the best grades possible for me.
Either fix it or replace it, please.
Oh, wow, this is so delicious. You're a good cook. I wish I knew how to make it.
I can do it sometime next month.
Grand Hotel, please.
The bed is not equipped.
No, next.
Please drop me off at the next corner.
Please narrate.
How does this new product compare to existing products?
What does it mean?
This price includes lunch?
I learn conversational English once a week.
Direct call to Japan, please.
The sales people at this store are very nice.
Where is the lost and found section?
Is it suitable for sensitive skin?
When can I get it back?
What time would be good?
Can you keep this for me?
I'd like a coffee with cream, please.
I won't catch my train.
Before you go, I'll take a picture of you.
Do you have enough money to stay here for a month?
I want a cassette tape.
Just a minute, please.
Two cartons of Mild Seven, please.
Can I have airsickness medicine?
Around eight o'clock.
Do you have your calling cards?
Darren and I thought this line would be faster.
I want to rent a car for a week.
I will pay by credit card.
I have to find a part-time job to pay for my classes.
It's fun.
I got sunstroke.
Don't replace the shape, just dial it in, please.
It will cost you fifty dollars in airfare.
Yes, at first, wash it separately.
I have some laundry to do. Will it be ready tomorrow morning?
JAL flight five zero three on May 5th, booked in Tokyo.
Please show me how to use this machine.
Where does he go back to?
Please show me some men's watches.
May I open the window?
Karate, a hand-to-hand combat method consisting mainly of sharp punches and kicks, is also one of Japan's martial arts for self-defense.
Can I change the size?
When will it be banked?
Do you have any favorite seating preferences?
These cameras are for my personal use.
How many people do you have?
The best way is to live in a foreign country.
It's fourteen.
Yes, we can do that.
I want to make a reservation for three at 8:00 tonight.
It allows tracking symptoms such as abdominal pain, diarrhea, fever, headache, sore throat, rash, and vomiting that may have occurred within two weeks prior to your return.
How much does it cost to speak to Japan?
I think the suggestions are good, provided we find the right people.
Well, my impression is of a mountainous, busy, bustling, bustling, noisy, energetic, almost explosive land. Hard-working, industrious, restless, curious, wanting to learn everything, eating and drinking binge but with good taste, earning and spending excessively.
Her arm is broken .
In Japan, decision-making is much slower than in our country.
How much does a limo cost to go downtown?
Would you look to see if he's there?
Since this morning.
We'd better hurry. They're already riding.
I was going forty-five in a twenty-five-mile-per-hour zone. You could go to jail for ninety days.
How long will it take to heal?
What is the name of this public square?
I'm traveling alone. Did you recommend a local guide?
Bring me another fork, please.
Can you call a taxi?
Two round-trip tickets to Washington DC, please.
Do you have any daily rates?
Can you tell me about the hours of operation at the post office?
How long will it take the local train to get to Boston?
It's a perfect fit.
You pay me.
Where's the F14?
I ordered chicken .
for ten days.
Do you have some socks?
How old is this boy?
How much does it all cost?
Twenty dollars quarters, please.
I want the same, please.
Take good care of yourself until you return home.
By the way, can I cash this check too?
Want to go to a baseball game?
So I'd like to replace it?
Can I get a fax transmission coverage statement?
I'll take a slice.
Where do you part your hair?
I wanted it.
Tell me what the luggage looks like, please?
I want to take this back.
How much does it cost to go to Paris?
It's not contagious.
If you wait just a moment, I'll answer any questions you have.
Why isn't the bus coming?
How often should I take this medication?
Please choose a good sweater for me.
I want to call Tokyo, please.
Take your valuables with you, please.
Where is the parking lot?
I don't have time. Hurry up, please.
This price cannot be approved.
It's cold. Can you do something?
I want some mushrooms.
Do you have a free brochure in Japanese?
The legislative branch is the Diet.
My name is Taro Yamamoto.
I lost my traveler's checks.
Please give me cold medicine.
Excuse me, is there any pedestrian crossing nearby?
Please put it in a funnel.
You're in the center of West Street.
Continue in a straight line, please.
I want shampoo and shave.
Is it illegal to take pictures here?
Where is the information booth?
Can I make an appointment for tomorrow afternoon?
I want pliers.
The place was in this store.
Can I stop?
Can you remove the stain from these clothes?
Continue in the straight direction until the end of this road, please.
I want an English novel that is easy to read.
No, I'm just a simple collector. I do some trading, though.
Sick, wet towel, please.
Would you like to have lunch with us?
I'm from Sweden.
Do you have more than five thousand dollars in monetary instruments?
I always see him every morning on the train.
Is there a good fabric store for kids?
Can you have dinner with us this evening?
I want to convert a banknote into small value coins.
May I arrange your bed for you.
Make it as it is, please.
I need to see a pediatrician.
Fish-shaped flags and samurai dolls are on display around us today.
We've won big, so let's come back in uniform.
The contents are worth about two hundred dollars.
There, please.
Please contact the lost and found department.
Thirty-five dollars and ninety-five cents a day plus nine cents a mile after the first hundred miles.
I'm staying at the B Hotel until tomorrow. I'd be happy to tell him I'm here.
The foot brake is not working.
I need a reading lamp.
I need a haircut, please.
I want to leave early tomorrow morning. Can I pay my bill now?
The gas should be shut off. Wait a minute.
What appetizers do you have?
Your seat number is printed on the bullet train ticket.
Will the flight leave on time?
Do you have local dishes?
May I ask you to take me to the bus stop?
For three adults .
The flight was delayed for forty-five minutes.
My name is Shino Yamada.
Two packs of tokens, please.
I hope you come again.
No, I don't. I feel nauseous and I can't hold anything in my stomach.
Can you stop my personal checks?
Tofu is said to have originated in China about 2,000 years ago.
Can I get a prescription?
I would like to watch a basketball game. Are there any tickets available?
What is this restaurant's specialty?
He stole my passport and five thousand dollars in cash.
I was told to come here to get the incident report.
I got the flu.
Can I keep your menu as a souvenir?
How do I get to the station?
Mr. Jones is out now. He is due back shortly after three o'clock.
We have excellent white wine.
Will you send it to me at the beginning of next month?
Fine, thank you. You?
It's very cold tonight.
Where are you headed?
Would you like to have dinner?
Minced meat, please.
I want to have a medical examination.
This is a gift for my friends.
What are you going to have for dessert?
Let me know the cost later.
I was there for about six years.
Continue as normal, please.
If we can serve you, please don't hesitate to give us a call.
May I take your size?
It's cotton.
Please take this luggage to the bus stop.
There are a few, but what would you like to eat?
Just cold medicine.
Are you going to call me my friend Ms. Yukiko Oda?
This is a one-carat diamond, right?
His name is Mr. Harada. Thank you very much.
Can you take my luggage down to the lobby tomorrow morning?
Oh, I seem to lose something every time I travel.
Do you have an Ongaro store around here?
Where is the fortress?
Good to see you, too.
I'm going to Florida.
Lost the use of the right arm.
Halo, are these belonging to Roy?
Then, you will come to a shopping street. If you take the street, you will reach the station.
I think we're done for the day, gentlemen.
Walk straight down this street. Go past three blocks and you'll come to the park. The museum is in the park.
I need an aspirin.
Where can I buy stamps?
Can I get two first class tickets to New York, please?
How to order?
How many hours will it take to get there?
Officer .
Japanese food includes raw fish, sushi, tempura, etc.
I feel lazy .
Maybe so.
No, not here. There's a smoking room near the back of this bus.
When does he leave?
Did you take your temperature?
Can I have a tour guide?
Is there anything valuable or breakable in your bag?
Be there by nine, please.
Can I exchange these boots for a smaller one?
Please leave it to me.
I don't like it.
When is the next flight?
Do you have grapefruit juice?
This way, turn left.
Please pass the ball to me.
Can I take a picture with my camcorder?
That's a good idea.
Would you like to organize it?
This is rather late in the evening.
My name is Yamamato.
The toilet doesn't flush. Please send someone upstairs.
What is the area of the factory site, in metric measurements?
I'm sorry. But I don't know where my seat is.
I want the money back.
Yes, sir. How do you want me to cut it?
I'm looking for something with Prada's metallic label.
I think there is an error in the invoice.
Can you show me something in my size?
I'm on the wrong bus.
Just oil and vinegar would be fine.
May I see your passport, please?
I understood what you wanted. May I suggest that?
I'll take this and this and this, please.
Ikebana is the art of flower arranging. There are more than three thousand ikebana schools in Japan.
My neck hurts.
I'd like two omelets, please.
Just trim the edges, please.
Can I get the party information magazine?
Give me fifty gallons of lead, please.
I have anemia.
Please tell her to call me.
I just bought this.
How did he eat those big crab claws?
Does this bus go to Carmel?
Two eggs, boiled.
Coffee with sugar .
Are you taking out or eating in?
When is closing time?
I want to reconfirm my reservation.
November thirty-second is Labor Day.
Is it hard to understand?
It's seventeen A's. Oh, I'm sorry. I made a mistake.
Can I buy it tax-free?
Have you ever heard of a golden week in Japan?
I want to wait for a few more hours after the departure time.
Thank you. Please come back again.
We have orange, apple, grapefruit and tomato juice.
I want my money back.
Do your joints hurt?
Is it fully booked?
My confirmation number is five six seven QLR.
Why is it so hot?
Take this prescription to the pharmacy.
I work for a tourism company?
The party I want to summon is Ms. Yoko Nishihara.
Can I leave it anywhere in the country?
Is there a skating rink nearby?
I have to be back in five minutes. Can I go to the outlet mall?
You didn't stop your meter.
Please cancel it in front of me.
Can you put me on the waiting list?
What number am I dialing here?
I'm here for sightseeing.
Can you hand me the camera after I come in, please?
You can walk. Just follow the signs.
Do you have time tonight?
Where are the car rental agencies?
No, I was in a hurry. What do I do?
Is this the bus?
How can I go to Disneyland?
Do you think so?
I think I'll devote the last five minutes to answering any questions.
Excuse me. Where's the main restaurant?
Can you recommend a good Italian restaurant?
I want to call Japan.
I got drunk last night, apparently.
Just pay.
Here's a brochure with tons of sightseeing trips by bus. It includes full day, half day, morning and night trips.
Can we do this dance any other time? I'm sorry.
Where can I take a bus to the city center?
I'd like a neat corrugation, please?
Is there any coffee left?
Can I help you find something?
Uh, okay. About two more blocks, I think.
If we divide seventy-two by nine, we get eight.
I want a cream for normal skin.
I've heard that the Japanese are hardworking.
How about we listen to jazz?
Tourists, here?
My seat number is D12. Where is it?
What is this, please?
What style do you have in mind?
How much do you want to open the account?
What is the meaning of this traffic light?
Can you tell me how to fill out this form?
Yes. We'll arrive at 8:00 local time.
Let me think about it and I'll call you back.
I will estimate travel costs.
Can I get a receipt for health insurance?
If you find anything, please contact me.
Can I leave the car at any of your branches?
Is it necessary to provide change for the exact amount of the bus ticket?
Do you live here?
Hurry, you'll catch up with them.
Can I have some pork and eggs?
I have a fever.
It's five thirty-two.
Now I find myself without a job to keep me occupied for a few days.
Cantaloupe syrup as a sweetener, please.
Who's speaking tonight?
No, we don't have that. We only have those who speak English.
Hot water is not hot enough.
Does it work automatically?
Is this closed?
Go ahead, please.
First or second class?
You have to get there before six o'clock.
I like your dance.
Is it safe to dive near here?
We're going shopping right now.
Can you call him tomorrow morning as promised?
You are welcome. We're glad you're understanding.
Can you explain how this works?
How many gallons of premium gasoline?
Does the conductor announce the stations?
How about we meet here at four o'clock?
Please enter your contact address here.
Of course. Let me think. Can I have some Spanish wine to start?
Whose business is this?
Excuse me. Can you tell me if there's an Italian restaurant nearby?
I'll have it ready for you by 4:30.
Can I use a traffic light?
Uh, thank you. Come back to my room at the same time tomorrow. The photos will be ready. Before that.
How many stops to the art museum?
Sorry, you can only order from the nightly menu.
Would you like us to order it for you?
Does the bullet train stop in San Diego?
There's a scratch here.
Where do these apples come from?
How did you find this restaurant?
I want to get to the city office.
Can you wrap the gift, please?
With or without bullets?
Is this a half-day trip?
Saturday and Sunday is a holiday.
Please remind me when I arrive in Victoria.
I need an appointment for tomorrow afternoon.
So, what are your plans for Packer?
I'm Nakamura at the front desk. I just checked into the hotel. But I don't like this room.
How long does it take?
Do you have anything for colds?
My name is Razia Kobayashi, and the number is two zero two two two two zero two zero one zero zero zero.
A table with a good view of the ocean, please.
Please give me some places to call in case of trouble.
Yes, I was treated for diabetes in Japan.
We would like to sit next to me.
Can I have a Diet Coke?
What kind of room would you like?
I want to ride it.
I have a headache .
You can pick it up at the departure gate.
This is room twelve zero seven.
I want another room.
I had credit cards in my wallet. And securities.
My mistake.
You will have to submit an insurance application to the insurance office in Japan.
Can you switch these out?
How long is this visa valid?
I'm afraid we don't have any vacancies.
How long does it take by regular mail?
Is this gold?
I could never guess the age of any of you Japanese people.
Is there a hospital nearby?
Can you please draw a map for me?
That store was cheaper than the others.
I'm Ann Brown.
I want a suit.
Can I call directly from my room?
Can you put it in a box?
Your passport is no longer valid.
That's too bad. I'll call the Japanese embassy and ask them what to do.
Make sure your seat belts are fastened.
Where is the toilet?
I want to rent a ten-speed bike.
Do you have a darker color?
I don't think so.
Does it matter if I'm a beginner?
I'm with my family. So I can't give you my room number.
I can't find the price tag.
I want a wake-up call in the morning.
Where can I book hotels?
Do I have to reconfirm my reservation?
It is, sir. We'll send someone to fix it right away. Please wait a moment.
It's forty-six. Each province is headed by a governor, and each has its own council.
Do you have a larger size?
Yes, we will walk around the area and sell the products after an hour or so.
That was twenty minutes ago.
Can you spell that for me?
What's the most exciting movie on offer?
in these brown paper bags.
I hope to see you again.
This is because they are made of silk.
I want one size smaller, it's too big for me.
Have you had this before?
I'm hungry.
Can I measure a size nine?
Can you give him a temporary remedy? Doctor?
I'd like a safe hotel with a good breakfast, please.
I have a fever.
Sorry, I don't have any change. Can you give me ninety-nine dollars?
Hey, we're neighbors, apparently.
Where's the zoo?
Is there a bus from the airport to the city center?
I can't turn on the toilet flusher.
Council members remain in office for six years, while half of the members stand for election every three years.
I don't want anything else, please.
Do you have larger sizes?
Credit my account now, please?
The cannons introduced to Japan at that time played an important role in winning battles.
Do you have larger sizes?
This means that you have also lost your visa. You have to request a reissue from the Passport and Immigration Department.
I have poor vision.
Is there a barber shop?
Excuse me. Please tell me how to get to Shinjuku Station.
Please send my mail to here.
Please tell the chef that this item is very tasty.
Thirty dollars and eighty cents.
It depends on the temperature of the place. But in central Japan, in early April.
The TV is malfunctioning.
I want a round-trip ticket to Oxford at nine o'clock on the fifth day.
I can't do it.
How mileage efficient is the car?
I'm Sato. I rented a car this morning.
I want a cheeseburger and fries.
That's right. Thank you. By the way, is it necessary to wear a uniform?
Can you give me a doctor's name and phone number?
Is there a cure for car sickness?
I need some pants.
The last train was too late.
Can you wait for me here?
Is there transportation to Perth?
Yes. Can we see the dessert menu?
Is there a sound and light show?
Yes, he is. So it's registered here, Mr. Yamada?
In the center, please. Are two seats next to each other?
Yes. What service?
Can you make a discount for a two-night stay?
I don't have small change.
I want to take a shower.
When will it be completed?
In case of cancellation, please call in advance.
There's a camera inside. Please keep it in a safe place.
Where's the gas station?
Did you take the bus ticket?
Does this train stop in Baltimore?
Can you get me some water, please?
No. Uh, thanks. It'll be dark for most of the trip, anyway.
I'm just looking. Thank you.
I'm sorry, but I don't think that number is correct.
Does this include drinks?
How many minutes until the train arrives?
What gate will this trip leave from?
The name of the hotel where you are staying tonight, sir.
Do I have to reserve a seat on the boat on the river?
Credit card, please.
I was on United Airlines flight number eight-two-eight.
One person will come later.
Can you repeat that?
Is the theater around the corner?
There are six people in our group. We want to sit at the same table, please.
It's that way.
There's a lot of noise around my room.
On the East Coast, you can also find famous places. New York, Washington, D.C., D.C., and Boston.
Thank you for inviting me to stay for dinner.
Excuse me, do you have the appointment?
Orange juice, beer, wine, whiskey and cocktails.
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
That's okay, apparently.
Stand in line. I'll go get us a funnel of ice cream.
Which bus is going to the Grand Hotel?
I want to make a reservation for tomorrow night.
The doctor gave me a prescription.
Yes. And what kind of salad dressing.
How do you want it?
Do you mind if I leave my bags with you until one o'clock?
Is there an excursion in the city?
Do you accept traveler's checks?
That's very kind of you, but I'm afraid I have some work to finish before tomorrow morning.
I'm starting to miss rice and miso soup.
No, no. Thank you. Can we have two glasses of water, please?
Uh-huh. I'm afraid I have to. How well policed is this area?
I am somewhat unable to speak English.
Can I have some water, please?
What floor is it on?
I prefer tea .
If you had it with you, you wouldn't have to pay the fare again. when you take the number forty-four bus.
Can you give me salt?
Can you show me that wristwatch?
It's now one o'clock.
I'd like two tickets for Wednesday's show, please.
How much is the sales tax?
Please dial the number eight.
I understand that . I'm trying to rent a Citroen.
Take the four o'clock flight to New York, then take the last flight to Washington from New York.
It's a brown leather handbag.
One. You, please.
It's on the second floor.
I have a natural talent.
When did you lose it?
I need a magnifier?
Please. Fix this .
Of course. It will be ready by Tuesday.
Do you drink by the glass?
I feel very tired. Please call a doctor.
Did I get any faxes?
What floor?
That's great. Where is the bread?
Can I pay with a traveler's check?
Smokers' corner, please. And a window by the window, please.
We exchange gifts with our close friends on New Year's Day.
Here's a prescription from Dr. Thompson .
How much do you charge for customization?
Where is the bus station to Chicago?
Can you get me some peppers, please?
I'm unemployed.
Yes, it is. It's on the third floor.
There is a walking trip to famous places.
Please take me to the nearest hospital.
It's so beautiful.
I want to buy five. Even then, can't you lower the price?
Please give me a window seat in the back.
Which is faster : Taxi or ambulance?
Can I get you something, duct tape or something like that?
Where are the beautiful places to visit?
I can't make up my mind. I'll come back later.
Can you check the tires?
Excuse me. Which way leads to the bags that were left behind?
I want to go to a restaurant.
Show me that. Please.
I would appreciate it if you would reconsider renewing the contract.
Where are the things that were lost and then found?
How high are we now?
Do you have other colors for this t-shirt?
I need a heavy coat for dinner.
You should not watch TV all the time.
I'm a fan of American cuisine.
Can I ask one last question?
Yes, we're almost there, almost there.
It's better for you to enter our hospital.
Can I get a hamburger.
Where can I find a supermarket?
We would love for you to come and spend a few days with us this spring.
Is this the gate for the flight to Tokyo?
It's rather expensive. Can't you give me a discount?
How many times a day should I take it?
Lemon tea, please.
This year it hurts at the top of the mouth.
How many stations before the conversion?
What flight did you arrive on?
Sorry to bother you, but could you kindly take a picture of us with this camera?
He broke my arm.
Are passengers boarding now?
Take the green train from platform six.
That guy stole my purse.
Indigestion pills are different from stomach pain pills, right?
Please tell me which restaurant is a local favorite?
I want to see the harbor.
I dropped my camera. Can you check it, please?
I'm sorry. I spilled wine on the floor.
Nice idea .
How long does it take to walk?
I'm so sorry, he's out. Do you have a date?
GEL flight to Tokyo on May 3rd.
Please tell them I behaved appropriately.
I'll take twenty teddy bears of the largest size.
What is the cashier's number?
It's easy. I'll just look in the phone book.
Do you have bigger rooms?
Can you insert prescription lenses into these sunglasses?
By the way, will I have to use a tie?
I want to transfer it to the same flight. but on March 4th.
So, can you! Take him to the table over there?
Is there a bus to the city center?
Please respond to me in the morning.
Give me a stomach medicine, please.
All I have in this bag is my personal belongings.
Excuse me. Can I come through, please?
I want to go to the bathroom, but I have so many bags, I'll have to wait.
He was very tall and slow.
We do manicures and pedicures.
Is the train expected to arrive on time?
The next room is noisy.
He is neither good nor bad.
Can I borrow a public key, please.
It's a pleasure to be with you.
Take me to the police.
CDs are much cheaper at this store.
I want my skin to be smooth.
The other party is on the line. Come on in.
When do I take this?
Can I pay with a traveler's check?
I can't find my friend. Can you call him?
Waterless whiskey, please.
How much is the bill?
I would like to stay in this room one more night.
Of course, in this case, the airline will offer compensation.
This is a dry pen.
These are Japanese baked goods.
Approximately how long will we have to wait?
I feel good. I feel good.
We are in complete agreement.
You have another stop in Chicago.
Excuse me. but I'd like to submit a theft report.
No, I don't. But you can do it from outside or in the hallway.
I made a deposit.
I need a urine sample.
Thank you very much.
I'm waiting.
Well, it depends on the mode of transportation you're taking. Are you going by bus or airplane?
I don't have a reservation, but can I dive this afternoon?
Do you mind if I sit here?
I play tennis twice a week.
Can I send any one mile just one dollar.
Where is the nearest metro station to this hotel?
Please write at the top of the postal parcel "Unaccompanied Luggage".
Yes, please send it to room twelve thirty-four.
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow?
That's very kind of you.
Where can I find earrings?
It's great. It can't be trivial. On the contrary .
Can I borrow a key to the bathroom?
When he returns, please ask him to get Mr. Okada on the phone.
I want a good beefsteak with a baked potato.
Fifteen E's. Do you see me sitting out of place?
When will you return?
I want Povtek .
That's right. We also have famous historical sites in the city and the surrounding area.
Really. This is the second time for us since we came here for our honeymoon.
Fill out this registration form, please.
I have no hobbies. I just work hard, like most Japanese people.
Yes, it is. Although I feel like I've been here many times through movies and TV shows.
Which corridor?
I need two round-trip tickets to Oxford.
To the final stop, Rome, please.
When should I arrive at the airport?
This speed is slow.
Professor Korn is a fan of surprising riddles.
Where can I print the movie?
Is that so? So, what's going to happen?
My suitcase was damaged.
Did you come across something you didn't expect about Japan?
When you see one, just wave your hand.
I want to leave the day before my appointment.
I'm very thirsty. I'd like a big glass, please.
It's a very large supermarket located outside of a big city. It has ample parking facilities.
It looks fragile.
Can you include that gate in the picture?
No, please don't do that. Can you save your questions for the end of my talk, for when I ask for them?
Does that include breakfast?
Double letters, please.
Are there a lot of taxis?
I want a good seat.
Sorry, the bathroom is broken. I need help.
Yes, it's open to the public?
It has no difficulty or ambiguity.
Seats on the first floor, please.
I am divorced.
I'll get you on your seat. This way, please.
Excuse me, can I ask you a question?
Does this road lead to the hotel?
Sorry, but this is short.
Apparently I have heart palpitations.
I will go from Calais to Dover by ferry.
I want a new ticket.
I'd like a composite pizza and two beers, please.
I think so .
I need it as soon as possible.
Yes, we have to prevent AIDS.
A gift for my mother.
I didn't know security checks were so strict.
Where do I land to go on Chinatown?
Hello. Pleasant opportunity .
Fried fish .
I work in a bank.
Excuse me. Can you recommend a good restaurant?
How many ounces can be tax-free when I go to Japan?
I want a toy for a boy.
I would like to send this postcard to Japan by express mail.
I want to send this letter by airmail.
We have a double room for fifty dollars a night.
Sorry, we don't allow jeans and t-shirts.
I want to register, please. My name is Haruko Ogawa. I think I have a reservation.
I'd like to check these bags to Tokyo, please.
Is this the right bus, the one approaching now?
Can you show me a little more size?
Do you bring any gifts for anyone in this country?
Please eat the easiest to digest foods as much as possible.
Please tell me the tax exemption procedure.
It's a great place, isn't it?
I think the clothes made in Japan are definitely better tailored.
Do you have a train schedule?
Please help me find a boy wearing a red hat.
Excuse me, I want to send this to Japan. How much is the postage on this?
I've traveled all over America with a car rental service.
Okay, room two-zero-three. Here's the key.
The movie starts at 10:30 pm. It ends at one in the morning.
You should stop doing that.
Repeat that, please.
Curly, please.
Can I get a wake-up call at 7 a.m.?
I want a cheap camera.
Can you record the address and phone number for me, please?
The Japanese resent being mistreated, or being mistreated by guests.
Does it have a heater?
Can I get postcards?
When are the office contracts signed?
At this hour, sir? It's 11:00 in the morning.
Which airport am I leaving from?
Didn't you receive the form by airplane?
What line is that?
I want an iron.
Is everyone okay?
Put a tissue over your mouth.
No water.
How much do I pay for all three?
I want an engagement ring.
Not so much.
Here's your change, sir.
No, I'm not. I'm Japanese.
And it is. Your seats will be here.
It amounted to thirty-eight dollars in total.
Thank you for sharing your unique thoughts with us.
I visit you twice a month during the season.
The Edo period, which was war-free, lasted two hundred and fifty years.
She was born on April 1, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five.
Take this three times a day after meals for three days.
Can you develop this movie?
I need to borrow your computer, please.
Would you be able to come over for a drink at our house on a Sunday afternoon?
I'll take that.
Can I rent racquetball bats?
This one has a scratch here, so can you give me another one?
Can I have a needle and thread?
Two one-way tickets to Boston, please.
I went to your exhibition three times last year in Japan.
Can I have chicken for dinner?
I would like to give you a doll from Kyoto.
How can I get there on the subway?
Please tell me how to dial this number.
Is this the right way?
I want to report the loss of valuable documents.
It is the last edition of the twentieth great painters in Europe, and includes about two hundred portraits of masterpieces of art.
Where can I get an affordable flight ticket?
When do you raise the curtain?
Here you go. The receipt is inside the bag.
Where's the accessories table?
I'll have a martini.
Is there something wrong with this phone?
Which train should I take to go to Auckland?
I lost my wallet inside this department store.
Can I have something to drink before the meal, please?
Three steaks, one large lobster, and ten types of ice cream.
What's the best way to wear these?
They say it's below zero.
I'd like a wake-up call at 6:00, please.
Is this the bus to the city center?
Yes, it is. It's very interesting to meet different people.
Realize this. There's a one percent surcharge.
How much is this perfume?
What is it for?
Some people are getting together for some drinks. Would you like to come?
The laundry is not completely dry.
Do you have a pen?
Should you try the food served at this place?
Where can I perform the formalities?
The Japanese are stingy even though they are rich.
I would like to know something about that trip.
This color is in vogue these days.
Can I put my bags in the trunk?
I realize that. Do you think I'll be able to get it?
I've been sick since last night.
Please bring me a bar of soap.
I'm out.
You were traveling forty-five miles per hour in a thirty-mile-per-hour zone.
And thank you. Have a nice day.
Fifty pounds.
I have a pain in my stomach.
Does that include tax?
This is the first time.
I'll take a slice of that.
I'm looking for a turtleneck sweater.
Here's a beer .
I want to add fifty dollars and twenty thousand yen to my account.
I think there's something wrong with this "change".
And what is a bladder?
What time does the evening show end?
Last name Yama Joshi. YAMA JOSHI.
I want to open the window.
There's really a lot of rain. I hope the weather clears up.
Please call an ambulance.
I'll put three bucks on it.
They're all in good health, thank you.
Except for breakfast and dinner?
How's it going?
I think it's a little too tight.
You sell stamps?
I want this drawing on my thumbs.
I want to borrow some opera glasses.
Give me directions, please.
How many hours does it take?
Do you have an example of filling out this form?
Can you tell me where we're going on this tour?
Continue on this road and turn left at the second light.
I'll take it if you give me a ten percent discount.
I just got a room, but it's not ready yet.
I don't want this room. Do you have a better room?
Which gate is the flight to Chicago?
There's no food I don't like to eat.
Is it possible to modify it?
I want to book a seat on a flight to Seattle.
I want a table that can be stacked and folded.
What is the price of half board?
At least twenty dollars.
I might turn back or try a cross-country bus trip, if it's not too expensive.
Constitution Day or "Kimbo Kinenbi" is a national holiday on May 3 to commemorate the establishment of Japan's current constitution.
Uh, excuse me. Please, don't worry about that.
Baskett's work is simple, but his writing is highly intellectual.
But, it will become comfortable once it's tamed.
Does this trip include a visit to the Sears Tower?
Can you show me how to play this game?
I would appreciate a table by the window.
We'll arrive at 10:00. A little early.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Do you have any tapes of popular music?
My phone number is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
I feel seasick. Can you call a doctor?
Do you want a room where smoking is allowed or not?
Is there a bookstore nearby?
I think that guy should have stopped.
You apparently have the flu.
I will be attending summer school at the University of Hawaii.
What is this place we're in right now?
I need some shoelaces.
I'm passionate about history, so I want to visit historical sites.
Then I would like to make a reservation for seven people.
Sorry, but we only have beer or whiskey.
He's out of the office right now. Can I take a message?
Two adults and a three-year-old child.
Please cash traveler's checks.
Do you have any small change?
Because in America, it's easy to get into college but hard to graduate.
How can I open this light?
Can you move a little to the right?
What are the signposts on the road?
Yeah, I'm going to Los Angeles.
In the station's waiting room.
Leave it long .
The car ran out of gas.
Can I reserve any two seats for tonight?
Do you have a table for four?
